Pretty sure that was a broken leg.
Heard PM was in #Broncos training facility all day, even had a 2 Hour
Daddy got a new truck(:
Howdy Ali - good to meet you too!
I miss Ryan Dunn =(
Take a risk today! Cooperation is key to executing complex business tasks – but competition is at the heart of innovation.
Don't worry about it. Won't change in the course of a day
im willing to pay:)
I hate it when I don't feel like talking and people just keep on talking to me -.-
oh I know... But I don't mean like that. She works at a television station here. She's adorable and it's a boy!
This rain makes me want too go home, cuddle up. & sleep my life away :)
RT : Left my old bitch at home got a new one
126 square blocks
thanks, love! :)
Sonny Rollins honored on CBS: Kennedy Centers Honors! Jazz on network television. That's real "reality" television!
I have a summer bucket list. :)
So glad you liked it! Good luck with yours!
my memory did not fell me. Wanted Kyle to hit that
Shopping early tonight (prob Mozart's) at 6. Break for dinner at some point but trying to work till 12ish
RT : "Jazz is not just music. It's the definition of the Afro-American black."- #NinaSimone I love Nina.
When you lock your keys im your car
I hope you were talking about the gross marshmallow chicks.\
I want to
Highlight of the #oscars ... playing FMK with for each group of winners.
I've recently been batting around the idea of sending in job applications even though I don't need a job.
sometimes you get to impersonate other drummers during a session, this time it's Danny Carey, ain't nothin wrong with that!!
In this Grizz-Clips series, both teams should have lost in 6. Spurs could be rusty, but don't think MEM-LAC good enough.
Grouplove coming on stage in the next ten. Anyone know these guys?
Thanks for following, Miss Lisa! :-)
Latest Marquette Law political poll results officially due out in about 10 minutes, but has details now.
My seminar on philosophy of the arts discussed "Mulholland Drive". It remains indecipherable. We took a Sontag-esque approach.
New to Twitter! Very excited to be here!
Op. Ha I'm hip to that.
We may not always be joyful, but we should always be thankful!
Some Mondays require special circumstance to get going: Quad Latte is in order this am. Happy pre-Super Bowl week.
Some class Is playing today was a good day
Checking every day is even more important if you have nerve damage or poor blood flow
Looking for cutting edge high school equipment and applications for Science labs. Any suggestions?
I've only had it once. Trying to find healthy options other than peanut butter
Shoot, didn't realize you hadn't read that. My Finnick Odair joke from the other day probably went right past you lol.
And my arms need someone Someone to enfold To keep me warm when Mondays and Tuesdays grow cold
-Ironman or Hulk? :D
Thanks homie.You see the flyer? We're going in!!
I showed an “emotobook” to Shannon not too long ago and she kept flipping to the abstract emotional art. I think I got her hooked. LOL!
"The cure for anything is salt water. Sweat, tears or the ocean.”
Awesome front range contmp quilt guild meeting www.artquilt.org meeting held monthly westminster rec cent
Just found out I'm #6 on the Country Chart for Wausau, Wisconsin! Woo!
an I need a good chant any suggestions?
It's so cute watching play football.
I know the price of success: dedication, hard work and an unremitting devotion to the things you want to see happen
morgan freeman so eloquent and funny accepting the cecil b demille award #goldenglobes Brilliant man
the enemy might well have gotten a hold of good God gift & made it into something bad & ugly - rebuke the devil openly & live in love.
Should I let him take me to Puerto Rico...?
you stand on Dr king's shoulder? While depressing others civil rights! Some still fighting! Medical marijuana rights
Scottsville Farmers Market is open today til 12:30 PM.Find us at Scottsville Pavilion: 125 Fleet Street for your GPS!
hey you:p so im bored and layin in bed and thought id say heyy & whatsup?:p javent talked to u inna while
Minnesota Golden Gophers ‘Hockey Gopher ’ Pendant – Gold Plated Jewelry
Announcing something BIG later this morning...stay tuned.
I fucking hate Bitches that have no class, and no ass!! lol
One month from now I will be another month older counting down the days..where did the years go. Okay I will be 22 no need to over exaggrate
“: Remember when you loved me? Yeah, I miss that.”
Two for twenty sounds like the move for tonight .
Speaking of zines: I overheard the head of special collections at U of Delaware, Tim Murray, mention an upcoming zine exhibit.
Others believing in you is nice but worthless if not matched by your own thought. ~ Scott Moore
I really wish would notice me:(
If I could "like" this tweet, I would!
Brother in law and family safe although tornado hit their sub near Ulrich street Dexter MI Praise God for hand of protection!
BOYS SWIMMING: Wilson extends Moore reign - Long Beach Press-Telegram
my little #script has been sent off! Time for some pie!
Traffic makes me sad...
Who's your favorite contestant?!
GOD BLESS THE SECOND AMENDMENT!!
planning...teaching...rehearsing...
If ur a backstreet boys lover feel free to check out my youtube channel. TheBackstreetfan13
Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure. Life is either a daring adventure or nothing.
He looked so perfect :).
RT : I haven't seen my besties in so long I'm sad I miss her.
let's hope Ecuador can get some points tomorrow
no problem handsome
Doh! RT : Nothing better than gettin 3/4 way thru car wash & realizn u left back window partially down....idiot Adam!!
it's not how I define him. it's a fact and an observation of those facts. The historical evidence agrees with me.
crazy not all that much to do here thats why im a traveler
You're welcome, Roxie!
Don't feel bad, I didn't know either!
also who makes an exam which the historical average is 40%. doesn't that throw up some red flags
Go Colts! Good start! I hope they keep it going!!
#Amen!!! So glad you're here! The youth can still do it! We're about worship!
How Soylent Green Was My Valley
Music to my ears! Magazines make GREAT Christmas gifts. Thanks for the biz & Merry Christmas!
I must say I like th5
KARAOKE NIGHT TONIGHT!!
That was in my weezy voice, btw.
haha to me it was kinda hot.. kidding :)
HaHa! I would have guessed that! Especially since they are teens! They all love Johnny Depp....and Tim Burton, too.
with the #win!
for females, yes.
oh no! Hope everything is ok! Get well soon!
I'm gonna report the shit out of this whore
If I had a magic wand that could eradicate three things that cause human suffering it would be aids, famine, and meathead rock.
Actually when I was little I would put worms on the swing with me, then I would wonder where they went. True story:-)
thank you <3
Holding....Holding...RT : Big announcement coming at 3 CST! Hold on to your shorts!
Just 3 more weeks of school & I'm done with this shit. Well that's till I have to go back 2 moths later 😭💣🔫
said that Curtis painter is looking like a girl. Better talk to him about getting his haircut at the next fam reunion
dayum boy. you cute.
Nick has 2 get 2 WI & talk everywhere rt now 2 keep corrupt walker government from staying in power. Walker spouts the lies
Stoked 2 catch up w\ my girl Welcome 2 El Lay homegirl <3
Thanks Laura, very kind of you to say. Keep up your great work too!
“: Betting line on Indiana-Kentucky has risen to UK -10 at some Vegas places tonight. Had held steady at -9 this week. #iubb”
Phone call leads convert more with higher LTV - Brian Lewis
“: if u ask me how im doing I will say I'm doing jus fine, I will lie n say that ur not on my mind” you chill too!
Make a stop in Palestine/Israel!
Happy Mothers Day to all moms today! You birthed a child(ren)... Enough said. 💝💝💜💛
i just heard a girl talking about an enema on the bus
M so tired and full
why not?? We can do another day-want to see you too!!
Linen Pants x TOMS = SPING
fuck up individuals aren't we!
23-10 with 4 minutes left. Lets go #Nighthawks!
Hey Elle, I just messaged you information about Peace Day 2011. It is in 3 messages. THANK YOU so much!!!
oh that's awesome (:
Just saw Apollo 18. :)
Find a heart that will love you at your worst and arms that will hold you at your weakest
well bye guyz i am going 2 a reserant ugh i dont really want 2 go but i hav 2 go but :( still
Nutshots are only funny when they happen to someone else
Chris Getz is still a #royal. The last remaining link to Carlos Beltran.
Thanks for a great and fun class.
I HOPE U NOTICE ME I BEEN WISHING THIS DAY 2 COME TRUE 4 3 YEARS!plz follow me
I think fleshing that out on your home page would help frame understanding of its value a lot
Realtor: first you folks tell me what you can afford, then we'll have a good laugh and go on from there :D
Thank you David, we're pretty excited about it too!! :-)
Hi Kurt - thanks so much for your RT! Hope all is well & you & your family are staying dry here in Austin.
hahahaha okay sounds like a plan!!! Lets do this! Lol
Think you know your #Medeco? Find out today during my certification class. Questions will be asked. Reply back to win
That would be decent!!
I was assigned someone to kill so I have to kill them. Someone is on the prowl for me right now too!
Church then hanging out with :)
i have but its not ur fault an u no i likeu aloy
you could apply to Puckett's Pond, we're always looking for more writers.
I mean they are wlw but still... where's the p.o.c. love?
Yoga was an amazing end to the week. I finally connected my arms for the first time in a very pretzel-like pose.
Haha yeah it's good for me because I don't mind spending like a minute or two per day downloading a random app.
“You can’t wait for inspiration, you have to go after it with a club.” — Jack London
#chicago Send & redeem REAL drinks for $1.00 at 75 of Chicago's top bars & restaurants! Send drinks to friends, coworkers, & even yourself!
well, we're waiting!
why not have a most popular in each city, each restaurant feature?
The best thing you can do to help the Hubbard's is keep your mouth shut. Stop anyone who talks about it. We're a family, so stop the rumors.
Just want to give a shout out to who were kind enough to donate a Voyager pedal during our showcase at last week!
Interesting to compare comments on Obama's gay marriage announcement on NYT and WashPost. NYT's more articulate, less talk radio-esque.
RT : BREAKING NEWS: Hunt for a fugitive parolee in Leucadia who led police on a chase over 100mph before crashing. Live report...
I thought it was Either that or a Motorola Razor lol
There are three sides to every story
Tequila twister pre game for Kulør bar? This might be the best worst idea ever
When does everyone get out of school?
NICE JACKED UP CHOPPERS!
It's pretty pointless if you don't drink.
People who copy other people for attention <
It is what you make lil buddy.. Dont catch feelings or anything jus keep it
Manning to Broncos
The fulfillment of ur promise n the palace is dependent upon ur attitude n the prison. Your prison may actually b ur positioning! - R Harvey
no problem :) you should check out our music!
Two orange vested hard hats just came by to see if our gas stove was working like "normal" 2100 block Hargrove St/Penn St
So much fucking homework...so much...so little time
Thanks for the retweet
"Obstacles are what you see when you take your eyes off the goal"
haha I knew someone would ride by and be like "what in the??" ha but thank you everything is fine :)
The snow is coming down in northern New Mexico!
Grt! RT : What have I accomplished for #WomensHealth thus far today? Mentoring, philanthropy and project development!
I know me and Kari were like, but he was never in Florida... But someone told us so we googled it and we didn't find anything..
= The New Tumbler Version of .... ugh, my ears!!...please, go away!!!!!!! Lost mad respect for
Idc! I need pizza!!! Hahaha :P
Thanks for the retweet sweetie :)
has five of the top ten singles on iTunes. What??
Today I completed a flowchart and tracked down an executive order on the distribution of HIV treatment in Africa by former Prez Clinton.
Fuzzed out mindz from fuzzed out kindZ
The only work tweet you'll ever read from me: On time, under budget, and unanimously approved.
Add me ,, berry's 2265CC6F
all hail restore-previous-session option!!!
a travesty. What is the world coming to... *sigh*
i will(:
Have you checked out the recompiled and updated version of the Legislative History of the United States Tax Conventions in HeinOnline?
not much, you?
RT : Eric it was such a special night 4 me. THANKS.
told you man!!!
The secret to not overeating is wearing really tight pants.
starting to look at the Android SDK; as if I don't have enough already to do...
I'm dirty sprite forever.
They called it Twitter because Everybody Poops was taken.
get it to me by Friday (going to some tech trade show + got a robo call reminding me that they'll be demoing a shredder).
yo #ifiruledtheworld i would enslave white people so they could finally understand
President Obama has deported over 400,000 illegals, so why don't we have that many newly hired Ameri…
Only if you grew up on Boy Meets World...or watched the entire series again while in grad school.
We welcome CenterLink: The Community of LGBT Centers to Milwaukee for their 5th Annual Exec & Board Leadership Summit. Welcome colleagues!
Can you all show some love today? Their goal is to provide a vest for every Police K9 in WI
Tweet at #BostonOnTheRun!!
f... Amy Winehouse 92 people were killed yesterday at a summer camp in Norway mostly kids
Happy beautiful day :)
The pure desires of my Heart are what I am here to claim!
RT : A great artist is always before his time or behind it. "Gorge Edward Moore.
i actually dont know:/ I just saw people tweeting about it:/ Sorry gurl!
You know it's a good day when is listening to Pandora's Disney station
RT “: why does every dude think he is going to be in the UFC?”
People only like that Jesus vs Religion video because it rhymes
Watch my man on my new favorite show Paranormal Challenge!
what's going on?
why when a person tries to judge u and they r wrong the sit there and fell salty lol
My 4yo corrects me now. "I'm really not a baby Mom. You know that, right?"
Can't believe it's time for the last class of the semester!
RT : Meetings should be no more than seven minutes. Period. <- my boss. Oh yeah, we are hiring. Get in touch with me.
Ready for our #adaptivechat? and , head of digital , will be taking your questions in just a few minutes.
hit up the cow with a link after you write it. We love to have a laugh!
Commit to making at least one person happy today by giving them attention, appreciation, and affection. ~ Deepak Chopra
Finally back home!!!!!
You're welcome :)
Thanks! You too my man!
how was the #drunktank ?
I need some InDesign training. Anyone know where I could do a workshop?
Mind you, I think we're now seeing phones/devices gravitating to just 2-3 choices of mobile OS's
you are correct, that is the unrivaled Wicked Hop Bloody Mary...deliciousness!
Well, I heard Mr. Young sing about her.
I like that - "be an entreprneur -- only job guaranteed at graduation"
A friend is someone who understands your past, believes in your future, and accepts you just the way you are.
sadly they do 😔😞😖😭 kmsl “: WHAT HOW HE KNOW WHERE YOU WORK... Damn all the men want a piece of you 😳”
Tonight's triple noir feature has turned into a QUADRUPLE feature! I'll be a full fledged gumshoe by the end of the night.
I own 167 songs of Kanye West. What up.
hello my little beliebers (:
Majority of actors have PASSION for the acting, but they need DIRECTION to get to use that passion in the industry.
The leaked memo is also real.
I would not catch no grenade for your hoe ass.
Its nice to be aware of how to regroup whenever needed. As long as you're mentally tough, the rest is cake.
RT "Cartlandia" on SE 82nd becomes city's & state's 1st food cart pod granted annual license to sell beer/wine
yes!! how about Aruba or Aspen? planning this #elopement is sounding good.
Thank you, ugly, loud, ticking Staples clock for audibly reminding me every second that I am still at work
i was jw but thats pretty cool u kno who this is right
Always remember you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world. ~Harriet Tubman
Did anyone else realize today how little they care about Obama's stance on gay marriage?
point in a direction and I'll do wat needs to be done.
your not ;)
If all food tasted like the uni/garlic/chili/clam linguine at Son of a Gun in Los angeles, there would be no more war in the world.
that sucks homie
I've decided to watch every post-Leone Eastwood film. Just finished WHERE EAGLES DARE, so it's now time for PAINT YOUR WAGON.
Specials: Soup: Beef Veggie, Pasta: Tomato Alfredo Fettuccini with Chicken, Pizza: Sausage, Pepperoni, Onion & Mushroom
so, what, like 35 cents for a zing and 45 cents for a burn?
having one hell of a season. Should Boogie be on Team USA?
a thank u is good :p haha
Any chance he wants to come out of retirement and take over for Weeks?
Weathermen in Ireland may be boring, around here our weather can get too exciting... tornadoes, floods, hail, thunder-snow etc.
Heck Yeah! omg can't handle this wanna punch them all in their face!
well, happy 12th b-day skeeter! y'all have a great day! :)
Report backfired on the teacher since most of us preferred the "trash" we chose to the "classic" she did.
that's so true.
I have so many boys at my school who say they hate Justin, but have his hair style. I'm like "lol fuck you."
I am so fucking happy for once :)
I've been injected with so much tree/grass/weed pollen this year that I expect my mutant plant powers to manifest ANY DAY NOW.
someone take notes! wish I could be in both!
when are the shows, maybe I can make it up for one!
RT : I'm bored, someone text me.
We really appreciate your follow:) come to our facebook page and check out our music, its free:)
I have to wait longer to talk shit?! :\
This is in the future don't worry. Next Thursday evening event btw. I'm expecting you there.
Thanks to everyone who stopped by the booth at - looking forward to following up soon!
Finally caught up with Dexter.. nice to make time for television once in a while!
RT RT this if you’d like to save 20 minutes per load of laundry with our ultra fast #LGTurboWash technology
Is this really going to help the LGBT community? It's been known for years anyway...
How's boxing match?
Now what am I gonna watch Monday nights...
Why have we not heard about this before now???
my day just got ten times bettterrrrr(:
was Rachel around? ;) lol
The Guto likes to think he is sporting a 70's porn stash...but knows deep down he's just a creep with a mustache watching porn.
dude...is that the "Big Tree"?
I just saw that you replied lol! Yes we definitely should have met up by now. What's your schedule like?
Ew. Mom just asked if she wanted a pearl necklace. Luckily we are at target
Could you walk with me if I gave you my foot ?
GO CHECK OUT #PAINKILLERS ON #DATPIFF!
Thanks! I just saw this. I don't understand this twitter business. How are you?
I like you, Alot.
Jake Cody and Sam Trickett Lead European Poker Awards Nominations
Im ok... lots to say, just not here. Lol Monday?
this movie The Janky Promoters wit cube , mike epps nd jeezy is funny as hell
I like to think of them as Beliebers.
Three some of chicks in front of us. Fml
i'll look forward to them, only for them NOT to show up in my sub box for some reason. -____-
Just found out scientists are one step closer to making a real INVISIBILITY CLOAK check it out Escapist
Omg my eyelids are SO heavy
pussy fake ass bitch
Just noticed she is having a 
Bring back Mr Easy Rider lol
It is so heartbreaking to hear about Junior Seau's death at such a young age. Thoughts are with his family and the SD Chargers.
Between that and something bad I ate earlier in the day, it was not a good evening for me.
I love that video!
Why are people saying R.I.P 2009-2012? Nobody said that they broke up...? They're amazing no matter what..[S]army
Listening to Andy Sheppard, Michel Benita, Sebastian SPACEWALK, PART 2 - sci fi new age jazz? IT ROCKS!
it's customary for shoe companies to test future shoes in all black/white...he must like them. Good for adidas.
shitty I just woke up to Liverpool down 1-0 to Chelsea
Hey collegiettes™! Don't forget to vote for HC's #homecoming nominees & and our campus cutie Roman Nelson!
That's dope. What type of business' u trying to start?
cool then
Soups of the day: Chicken Pastina, Greek lemon Chicken, tortellini brodo, Beef Barley, ravioli Florentine, Lentil!
The word BURGLED amuses me
Choking up a lung laughing seeing Laugh At My Pain for very 1st time w/ on ...
When you find that contest, let me know. Each year, for the past 12 years I have said "this is my last e3 ever!"
local, state, or national
Thank you love ... You too !! <<<< Now following
Why Microsoft spent $1 billion on AOL's patents: Many assume Google helped drive up the price for AOL's intellectual property. But a ...
did you end up liking WHITECHAPEL? I remember you started watching it recently.
what up bro!
Incidentally, soccer fans, I recommend the BBC's 5 Live radio broadcasts. Long live the interwebs.
This week should fly by quick!
Twitter, please tell me where I want to move/work. I am at a loss.
!! RT niggas be so fake they don't know what to do with themselves ctfu
Great game #Sixers! Only lost by 1
suree now you wake up, you just missed the twitcam!
Appalachia has lost its mountain tops: See 3/3
I want a warm, scrumptious delectable 100% angus beef burger rite about now
MY FAV WAS JASON AND SAMS WEDDING AWESOME
#baddjnames dj scratch n sniff
RD - Keeps $ local w gr8r ctrl than Sacto; Your premise suggests non RDA projects do not cost to operate?
perfect. Can you buy 5 extra for me? I will reimburse you and split the profits if we win.
Sorry. Tis better to do laundry for yourself than for others. Still loves ya though;-)
Anything that is unrelated to an elephant is irrelephant.
I know that one! It's the one fancy offices have. I would love it but the coffee has to be a fortune! You choose a flavor...
4 months till I can go to my ccw class. Gonna be able to carry legally. Yeah boy hollow points
"Your mothers expendable." Love Howard Stern!
I am neither especially clever nor especially gifted. I am only very, very curious. ~ Albert Einstein #quote RT
bombers eating a fabulisous chicken sandwich. Yes more yes yummy
I'm engaged to the love of my life! yayyyyy!!!!
I am for an art that is political-erotical-mystical, that does something other than sit on its ass in a museum. - Claes Oldenburg
just wanna smack a few people .... ur not worth more than that =]
I think it's cus I'm always thinkin
Wow. Scary stuff right there.
marinated tofu in shaoshing, mirin, tamari, tangerine peel and star anise, and smoked it with cherry wood and tung ting oolong leaves
I heard the wolf cry at the blue corn moon......
Bad news is you aren't here. Good news is i've thought of great new project for us to do together!
van is packed... tucson tomorrow night and then Gods Country.... oh shit
im so sorry bc ALL mine alive even my favorite one
It's good to be alive. Good morning Twitter!!
I really don't like wearing shorts but I'm tired of being hot in this heat
Writers, do you find it hard when creating new characters to not pull a little from people you know or even from parts of yourself?
What do you think is the work productivity in Mexico currently is with them playing in the kick-off game of the World Cup?
Follow my other account!!!
Do you reset your evaluations after earnings, or do trends carry over?
MEE!!!! :D that would be amazing!
gah I love it! Right back at ya retard!
Exciting time of year
dance recital thing, performing in three dances uhh -.-
Great meeting you IRL yesterday. Look fwd to more collab!
So I find out when I cancelled my Service Magic account 2 yrs ago they never removed my info and have siphoned business from me ever since
Nelson Winners -CA- Martin, Treasurer-Johnson, Super South Saunders
I agree!
Bo, all good. Just killing time.
Seton Hill's summer reading text is the graphic novel Persepolis. Our disability accommodation staff was a bit flummoxed to find out... 1/2
Upset lost a friend I was hurting and you kicked me while i was down Your pride got in the way Get to beggin bc I rarely give 2nd chances
she's passed out right noww!
thank you(: I feel special lol
"Now I'm finding truth is a ruin. Nauseous end that nobody is pursuing."
Blessings to all students, teachers, and parents starting the new school year. May you dive into the joy of learning and growing in all ways
it would seem Apple is not fluent in yiddish...
Tw'eeps, ever have one of those nights where you just keep thinking of things that you should/could/would do instead of sleeping? Eep!
Watching Magic City with Viggle Sat | 9PM | Starz Edge Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Watching some old guy shake is ass while walking, perfectly in sync with what I was listening to... Modern World Christ. Haha XD
RT : VIDEO: Africa Channel & African Ancestry at New Orleans 2012 #NABJ12 Register for a chance to...
RT : S/O to and the whole team! #THETAKEOVER #APRIL13TH IT GO DINNNNEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!
The Zagat Survey of Washington, D.C., lists Firehook Bakery among its Top 10 Best Buys reflecting the best dining values in the survey.
Just Obama campaign.
Win a Happy Black Friday Cake! www.blackfridayhaul.com
thanks for the RT!
Thanks! Busiest day ever? I may have to change my plans:)
Go Liz!!!! Space Camp should have a day named in your honor!
your trip is making me nostalgic! and reminded me there's a popular dessert in CA called a nanaimo bar, a brownie-like variation
T work is rude..must have beer!
please tell mike mayock all scoring plays are reviewed. He said on Wallace play: "they have to throw the flag on that one"
and one time it said I sent it to a ton of people so I tell them all sry I didnt send that
We must take charge of our own destinies, design a life of substance and truly begin to live our dreams. ~ Les Brown
If I never watched football before and people said "you really need to check this out". I would say they were crazy after watching tonight
new hit single #putitdown check it out :)
Congrats! Also, I'm sorry I missed your birthday--hope it was a good one.
“: Half of Americans think #SCOTUS justices will rely on their partisan political views in health-care ruling. A good guess
The Met is doing Janacek this week and so are we. Bring a friend or two to Sanders Theatre tomorrow night at 7:30pm
Bye bye Wayne county
Heard of 'dance like no one can see', but never 'dance like you are writing end user docs'. My lack of dance skills, explained.
I finally got on with my phone.
Did you know that less than 5% of lost cats make it home? Even indoor cats are at risk. Ask your vet about getting your pet microchipped.
yes thanks pig!
Check out Tuesday night's dinner at Nassau County Sports Commission .
the look is useless on flights. there's something in plane a/c systems that turns parents into social imbeciles.
Dear God. Thank you for inventing the best 2 things ever. Baseball pants. And Lax players. Amen;D
I don't even how i feel...
Thank ya old man! Making your debut to the web!
Q. Why do they bury lawyers twelve feet deep? A. Because deep down, they are really good guys.
This coming Monday the 12th I will be at F. Scott's Jazz Bar playing solo. Come you and enjoy some tunes!
Ballgame! Your boy Timmy won more playoff games this year than Aaron Rodgers and Ben and Matt Ryan and Romo. Who's better?
when is cody goin to be on punk'd???
I'll send you an email :) Have fun today!!
machine-gun range gets a steady stream of visitors and will never use that range again. 2 many newbies with too much firepower
meeting . Seems awesome! Super thoughtful. Franklyn & Marshall must have vision.
I honestly can't wait for Miley's episode tonight!
Bout to spark this bowl up
About to hit the road. Playing in Temple, Texas today with and many more!
Lemon Grove Councilmember Mary England signed my Central Comm re-election papers. If ur in the new 79th Assembly District I need ur sig too!
It has been resolved: we intend to cease posting from the group twitter account. Commencing final posts.
When are you coming back to or around Clay county or Bradford county!? I really would love to see you AGAIN! <33
"work that ponytail! own that updo!"
((( Like FREE ?, Sell any item free,, www.just-plug-in.com )))
Pretty Little Liars<3
Walked Summer... I just finished a 4.16 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Of all things. Romney telling those people the cookies looked like they came from 7/11. "You didn't make those cookies" What an ass.
if you become friends with Mila, hook a brother up. :-P
i know
That's because you're a tool.
Hi All check out our website for our amazing sales on our boog 77 tried and true home based business www.createmoneyweb.com
Good call. I'm sure they have it. lol!
Way to go #Rangers coming up big in the 11th
Eminem obviously 💙
“The devil is a better theologian than any of us and is a devil still.” -- A.W. Tozer
they ae probably whole grain! :P
"I stay cool & dig all jive. That's the way I stay alive." HBD to Langston Hughes (pretty much Uptown's first MC).
Bernalillo County Sheriff Deputies investigating fatal pedestrian accident at Isleta & Sanders in SW
#Chiefs Romeo has such a calm and decisive presence in press conferences. He knows his vision for this team and how they will get there.
Unruly 3.5 year old+being late=ugly Mommy.
you got it gurl :D
Frothy mixture is kissing a lot of ass tonight (Romney, Ryan)... I guess appropriately?
that's the next step
Happy Mothers Day
r u on the city hall beat now? I guess congratulations, is that a promotion ?
story today i hope! sorry if im annoying, im just excited(:
Its so much shit that found out today.! It wuss very interestinq
Happy Veterns Day!!!!! Thanks to all our soldiers that fight for us!!!! :)
When I wake up I can't never really just go back to sleep smh
good morning ;) have a great wednesday
Thanks Kelly! Glad you enjoyed it!
Hey you guys should tell your friends about us mmkay?
If I slam this manila folder into the cabinet while singing BORN TO BE FILED I'll totally get promoted to CEO right
There is some serious design innovation at the Delta terminal at DFW. Anyone know who did it?
What cematary are u at? Its beautiful...
What the fuck ...
TeamiPhone or TeamAndroid... bberry is amazing until it dies :/ mine only lasted a year had to order a new one...
read this
if they're staying the weekend, we shall stalk
that's great!
Another birthday where I wish you would come up to me, text me, or tell me on facebook to have a happy one, but it never happens.
I love a man that can eat pussy right!!
Fantasy Baseball Rankings 2012: Early Risers Who Can&#39;t Be Trusted Moving Forward
Just got off the phone with a few partners I have made my decision
It's funny how people are criticizing spo for "bad coaching" today and give him no credit when he wins.. Some #HEAT fans r a joke!
Thanks, Cher! The box is due to come this week instead. My mother and I will enjoy it immensely! How was #smx?
Currently all of the trash in Center Grove has just begun the journey of their pregnancies. YAYAYYA keeping it classy in the 317
Everyone needs to quit bitchin about how bad life is....everyone is struggling and everyone is stressed, life sucks get over it....live it!
Interesting conversation today. Do U even know when you're stressed? More info, read my blog: www.eating4achieving.com
It's like the Black Sabbath reunion. Ha ha. Maybe Slash likes to have more control than he needs...
What is your take on this whole NICKI MINAJ and LIL KIM beef?
TONIGHT! SETTING SUN PART 2: a Broken Glass New Works playreading! See you there! Studio 2G!
Back in 1996 when the president also believed in #gaymarriage and was in a position to do something about it in IL, what did he do?
You love "that guy...." tweets haha.... and I only smell of pure goodness, duh
wheres off season for you?
Ok so I can't believe that there is legit 30 days till graduation! That is four weeks..
I'm actually so bad at graphics it swallows my whole day trying to figure things out.
Nature is not only all that is visible to the eye — it also includes the inner pictures of the soul
Are you going to verify credibility of that poll? 451 said they'll vote in dem primary, but <350 were Dem.
Everyone check out tonight at 6pm CST, 7 for us east coasters. I love the idea and think it's great that they're doing it.
Dr. Hrabowski, the president of UMBC.
Tonight #Infected <3
I literally just want to runaway and never come back.
Fckk Muve Music for not having Sweet Love on there
Save yourself!
S/O to the girls who are half naked in their twitcon!
You can have the evidence right in front of you, but if you can't imagine something that has never existed before, it's impossible
Fuck society's idea of beauty.! Your beautiful in EVERY SINGLE WAY!<3
I like.
it will be a platform. Similar to those CMS you mention for adding content. Yet a lot more simpler, and not as robust.
i'm gonna go search for gold
but braces make everything better. just kidding. they rlly dont.
burbank is the best airport! so chill, waiting for my flight to SFO and then on to DC for the screening at Museum of the American Indian
Delta Passengers filmed the bird strike that hit the engine of the plane they were on! Delta complaining iPad should have been turned off?
yup I am. Listening?
Are you going to take a fancy photo for it?
Nobody is perfect. Thats why pencils come with erasers(:
Tweeting in Spanish >>>
Great job on your spoken word performance #JyreikaGuest. Thanks for being a #FreedomFighter at
Milwaukee WI Im down to put my city on the map I see how yall do it where yall from but home is where my heart at so I'm a cheesehead jack
Q3. Favorite TV series growing up.
yeah I do .. I was just asking
Bitch Ain gone detox
I am listening to music!!!! Good to see you too
I finally completed Max interval training!!!!
I'm finally over you.........I wish
Philharmonic last night, class with The Savvy Actor today! It is going to be a great weekend.
First full day in my new house in Orlando!!!!! I love it so much!!!!!! So big! I love my mom, she has done so much for me!!! <3 u mom!!!
<3 the quote you emphasized: “the problem the player is asked to solve should be difficult, interesting, & even addicting.”
not exactly an "upgrade" RT : Life's been a blur this year, but didn't I just upgrade to Firefox 4 a few weeks ago?
LOVE Dresden Files, counting days to Cold Days hits the shelves. I've read many TP over the years, so... thank you for ideas!
but it was so much better in his words!
We will be closing at 4:30 this afternoon for a private party (sorry Simon employees we'll see you next Friday)
hell yea u got hung kuz that's when u slipped on the sand and still tried to dunk
I thought that was going to be a music thing whenI saw the name.
|| you "#teamfollowback" but don't follow me back.
I was wondering what witty retort you would come up with. I'm a bit disappointed with your efforts.
it would be great to have them in Clairemont! A few members of Team Zapf have signed up already
We all know Calipari teams can't shoot free throws, right? RIGHT?
I hope you slept well. We love you :)
check out my twitcon?
Oh man. Hilarious and brilliant. outdid himself. Seriously, Twitter should always be that entertaining.
HA! Even better it turns out edited an article started by my pal A small Wiki world we live in.. :)
Some of my best students are undocumented, they continually out perform "citizens"...
can't wait to have a little girl so she can be in some juicy onesies!!
My party train waits for know one. You snooze you left behind. Im out.
nasty as hell though.
how are you Cuz? What u doing?
I will, therefore i am.
Rain has moved out and our crews are working hard to get us back open.
Breaking ground with our first tweet! (Get it? Breaking ground? Terra Nova?) See, Terra Nova means "new land"! It's what we're all about!
is vexed that one day after the storm she still has no internet. stupid comcast
I wish Bynum had a twitter so I could let him know how big of a bitch McGee made him look like tonite
You'er to good to me. Thanks girl!
I think people will watch no matter who plays. It's about time Canada is represented and the Red Wings are extremely popular.
I realized that a little later. :)
Can You Buy Me Something?
How do you plan to #lendafreehand to someone in your life today?
A billion here a billion there, don't about the middle class. We work them for little pay no benefits and we take the profits.
Hm My twist out still looks pretty good... Maybe I'll just wait... Monday maybe... #naturalhair Lazy hair weekend
haha youu know it's True!
It is time. For cheese bread. And it is so freaking good. $6.99 delivered NOW until close. 812-332-8696.
Weeds in the garden are total space hogs! (and time consuming to pull)
i AM FEELiNG A L0T BETTER, THANKS B00. SEE Y0U T0NiGHT AT THE DiNNER
Aerobics class today was great but it hurt so BADD😢
Pirata Burrito for #dinner... You know you're tempted!
Oh yeah!!! My boys ring chasing! Another one bites the dust...lol.
“Always be kind, for everybody is fighting a hard battle.” – Plato
In #emac we have "at bat," "on deck," and "on the holodeck."
my 6 words for chicago. Your 6 for Bali? "Giving reigns to rahmbo, no thaw"
If you rush you you could end up in a B.Roy situation. But, the larger point is, the doctor knows better than us.
have you finished your notebook project?
I often write replies to tweets and then delete before sending.
everyday he gets more and more fans that love him as much as we do!!! I am so proud of him though.
school Is so stressful :/ I'm done the beginning of June.
announces gov admits it dumped ashes of 275+ fallen soldiers in Va landfill ... #areyoukidding?
sounds good... i'll be around 3-5, ping me and we can meet/chat in the doc.
K. one of this random boys is flirting with me
but I might
RT and #PLEASEnotice and #PLEASEfollow me if u Love your fans from #VEGAS !!! We luv u
GR 17s Up 5 at half on Mich Mustangs in Semis game.
~Charles Darwin~They say that time changes things,but you actually have to change them yourself
Paramount is always my favorite lot to audition on!
“The urgent can drown out the important.” ~ Marissa Mayer, VP of search products and user experience at Google
Morgan did u do the math yet?
Working on an Android APP so users can submit pics and model pics for a chance to get free stuff!
Hello! :) Hope both of you are doing ok.
Tomorrow with >> (:
Remember, if you're attending the Dem Party of NM pre-primary convention this Saturday, tweet along with us using
Thanks for the follow...but thank you so much more for the wisdom and light you have brought into this world and to me. Namaste
A person who consistently worries about someone else is what you call a certified hater aahahaha :-)
RT : Funny how a melody sounds like a memory.
Tyga's music is a joke.
Ever wonder what band members do when we're not playing shows? I didn't think so.
I'm so emotional wtvr.
Can't wait for #furthur at the beacon. Been listening to #archiveorg all day. Going to see John play on 2/11 too
Julie Johnson working on setting scores to predict which anti-hypternsive will work better.
thanks for the add
Hey I love your pizza, calzones and salads and would love to see what kind of new additions u could add 2 the menu!
precious still mad at me ?
Yes. A personal statement outlines your goals and what you hope to learn in an internship. You probably wrote 1...
Got my Brazilian workout on. Holy butt cheeks. :)
Not in the mood for work 👎
apparently its an issue with lion in general…from the beginning. I just have to reset router
can you shoot us an email at us(at)simplymeasured(dot)com and we'll see how we can help you out!
Honor your calling. Everybody has one. Trust your heart and success will come to you. –Oprah
it's a line from Clueless
garden of forking paths one leading to a paradise of a library its own garden of forking paths. happy birthday Borges
Your worth every second. Every fight. Id fight a thousand wars for you. Even if I lost them all♥
Last first day of class ever tomorrow ah
No YOU cycled 14miles for gluten-free cupcakes. Hehehehe.
giant eagle didn't have BRIE. BRIE.
Welp. Annoying tweet about losing everyones number. DM me, or whatever so I have numbers.
Ah that bvb song is stuck in my head now
Most intense storm cell is just northeast of Watertown right now.
I imagine that yes is the only living thing
Love all the #teamtallgirls friends I've been making. :)
Recently it has been weird. RT : Central Texas has weird weather.
Richmond's newest restaurant opens tomorrow. Bonvenu. Carytown - 2915 West Cary across from the Byrd. Tell 'em I sent you.
the only girl I know that can have tears running down her face, practically laughing, saying "Im not crying, im not crying!" ;D
Still wondering why there were 25 or so people to watch USMNT beat Italy at 1:30pm and only ten to watch the U23 USMNT beat mexico at 9pm?
no this time the 3rd floor lit up their porch. Should be fine, thx tho. More just...really??
My friends are wonderful. I especially mean you,
I am RELENTLESS and I just got started too.
Am working on Blue Bloods today as an undercover cop. Great cast and crew.
If you think #JerseyShore is the worst show on TV clearly you haven't seen #Brooklyn11223 yet..
"Cry alone, I've gone away No more nights, no more pain I've gone alone, took all my strength I've made the change, I won't see you tonight"
136$, Sperry's, betseyville wrislet, and Real pearls from my daddy that he got from Hawaii, I'm so happy and thankfu! Blessed.
Thank you so much!!! :D
Goldy Locks and you know this mang RT : Do work son!
Detroiters! We're setting up a screening with the free press for next month! WIll open in Detroit in September! Thanks for being patient!
hahaha best fuckin game! Im so happy I can't stand still at work haha
Agreed... RT and : Woo hoo! Dragon Tattoo wins for film editing. The title sequence alone deserved it.
Plan to go crazy . . that always works on birthdays. Or else, Let's go Get Lost, as the song goes. (;>)
Rejection hurts like a Joey Chestnut sized stomach ache
End of pre-production this Thurs. Then tracking next month! What's up? -zach
get off Lebron dick so early in the morning bruh
If you say so. I guess it can stay.
I don't understand how Tea Party folks have the energy or time to be angry so much. Lighten up and be grateful for what you have.
You were such a good sport on Loved the
shawty u fine
Right now. Over Washington DC. Best rainbow ever. So amazing that I'm sure it will cause traffic.
The Isleta Hotel is gorgeous. Quite happy. Happy new year's!!
Done for u! :) RT: Can 1 more FOLLOW for me? ;)
Oh Tebow help us RT why hate the thunder?
I like to see the girls im vagina twins with Haha
didn't see this till after we left ...sorry buddy!
you summer time fine
Okay, the 5 o'clock news is over. You can now watch the 2nd half of Cliffhanger on pdxtv.
but then you can get there and have 9 min and 30 seconds to stare at the white board
I'm doing pre-construction photos in Indy today for Bradshaw Construction.
Do you know how to make a tissue dance? .....put a little boogie in it.
i`m content with having just one one friend thank you; ill save my self the drama especially with girls .
Half way exiled, my life has been a melancholic slow (sometimes fast) silent movie.
4th seed in d pool. lame
Just got my acceptance letter! It's official! I'M TEACHING IN CHINA!
I know :(( but thankfully I'll be home in no time! Then I'll be over in a bikini everyday lol
Thank you
Let's get it trending! RT : Also, my phone just recognized the hashtag #Samayan2012. Awesome!
Learn to enjoy life. Love yourself. And embrace the ones you love
ENG IV: Discussion on "A Rose for Emily" tomorrow in class. It is on page 80 in your text.
Ok! Can we have them shipped to the fort???
My man Jagr got his first goal tonight then said that wasn't enough and went and got another
Any data librarians, digital archivists, LIS students etc at #dhsi2011? Interested to meet, discuss sessions & DH topics?
yeah it's good to dream alittle bit or alot!!!
thanks so much for that. must get down to the market myself
#OriginalItalianPizzaSoup #ChickenNoodleSoup #ChickenMushroomRice #FrenchVegetableStew - The Chicago Soup Menu lineup for the week! Enjoy!
I wonder If will EVER read this and follow me?!?! (: it's the question that will NEVER be answered...
We'll make it happen! RT : well hopefully we meet up some where tonight
Our own is talking about this weekend's Sound of Silent Film Fest on in the coming minutes! Tune in to 91.5 or wbez.org.
That sucks. I am sorry to hear that.
I will make butt pads for everyone.
It's snow in Pittsburgh. Winter has come
cool video
Download that Philip Glass album from Amazon ( MP3 ). It's FREE ! And Philip Glass is Always a Gas !
I knw Nashville's next!!
Tour guests from Boston say San Diego is the best city by far of the 3 major cities in California. Who can argue with that!
Changed channel from TNT to TBS for a second & immediately got bombarded with a commercial telling me to watch TNT now.
Rough week so far....some laryngitis/cold issues and four of the biggest VO jobs of the month all within two days....arghhhh...
I'm sure he appreciates it Kay! See you on the tweet out tomorrow :)
Praying for safe trip home 4 you & encouragement w all you are doing & accomplishing, touching so many lives so wonderfully!
So busy in startupland tonight…crazy
My cat needs her own docking station.
eu também. omg
nope im coming alone my sisters stay out there and my bby bro and they mom
This combo of being a night owl and an early bird is not working for me. I need to become a penguin that sleeps a normal amount of time.
Change your thoughts and you change your world. Norman Vincent Peale
sleepin like you misse the show or just heard him?
Let's get to 400 Followers!! Tell your friends!!
I'm a mom and an actress (The Suite Life of Zack & Cody). Thanks for asking about us! You are awesome!!! :)
My book is so good but if I keep reading it, I will get motion sickness.
Enjoyed the educational audiology conference put on by & Questions about what children w/CIs need in the classroom?
I get lots of "Fun Failure" playing Words With Friends...so I must be very resilient.
15th & Wells...wind...wind...go away. See ya' @ 11:30 hey.
I've been one of Bogues' biggest fans, but it's hard not to LOVE this trade
I literally am in tears. Not again.
Dreamchasers 2 on repeat all day.
woohoo!!! Let's celebrate by staying in and watching a movie!!!
Dear , when was that Mr. T interview? Amazing.
That makes sense
I'm starting a diet today. Wish me luck :)
unsure to what extent observing/acting in 0-sum games moves us away from the currency of test scores, $
Guess gets “: Does get what wants? Michael Floyd is available. #Cardinals”
#MajorTurnOff when dudes dont know how to say what they want .
We will be going into Compass Rose Studios early February. <3
So sad the season for BGC is pretty much over. It was so good this time!!
whoops. Get on that dude
playing with jekyll, octopress, & markdown - and loving every second of it
Sunny days in November=
I never cried or said my other niece was beautiful when she was born. I just am attached to this one a lot!!
followed & thanks!
Good night world. Busy day tomorrow.
Amazon has been urging me to install Quell on my Kindle. Today, I succumbed. I am doomed.
When I swerve for like 2 seconds people must think I'm drunk 😝
Welcome :) I will check it out! Can you please follow us back =)
Jay Lano Is Working On A New Track With Mr. Young Sophisticated Himself, Yung Neck, So Look Out For That Track...Coming Soon!!!
is perfect in every way!! He's tall, gorgeous, a ginger, amazing voice, inspirational song writer, funny, & he lives in FL :)
Hey I suggest you read the original tweet.
Have a beautiful day everyone, whether you're celebrating the Easter holiday or not. As least live in love and spread love.
thx 4 potato suggestions. I have for better or worse, indcludig disliking potatoes!
The "Sew-In" give your hair a rest Sew-ins starting at 65.00-up 404.454.1494 for your next appt.
Nice to see the Dolphins & JT go out on a high note!!! \
Without you girl I have nothing left....And I don't want my heart no more what is a heart there for.....
of you want your own you can bring a shirt to all adds up screen printing on Brownsville Rd.
Thank YOU! Bagels were fabulous!!!
we like to max it at 8 ppl per team.
If you suspect someone is an HCP, just respond more carefully ... this person may have less self-control than you do.
You shouldn’t take life to seriously. You’ll never get out alive.
oh shit this will be the lead story on espn.
No, but I would love to :)
": #SometimesAllAGirlsWants is shoes & food."
Karstens does the most with the least
I have hit new heights of procrastination today.
One test and a class away from the weekend/going home to Weston.
Group of Black guys scoppppin out in front of the union
"Wealth isn’t measured by net worth or material possessions. It’s measured by a sense of rich life fulfillment."
#Hail state my ass ole miss will be back next year and will be better then ever
": &you Know Yo Black ass One For Sure!" Well duh , my nigga ... ima ride for yo crazy black ahh faasho !
I wait til u get alot of friends on instagram so u dont notice me unfollowing your sucky pictures
HEY IM NOT UR GORGEOUS SMILE BUT I AM A KID AND UR BREAKIN MY HEART SO PLEASE REPLY ? THANKS ANYWAYS :(
Kennedy Center Honors: Yo-Yo Ma, Here Comes The Sun: Genius!
working hard and getting fit.... what's to complain about ;)
!!! ": Don't throw away your clothes, donate them instead. There's always someone else in need"
I don't flirt I'm nice
#hotincleveland mixtape hosted by ohio artists email your music let's make this a tribute to the city we love C.L.E July forth
Have they been successful? What types of ads have you tired?
Woods and Jimenez should be interesting to watch!
miss you :)
you can do three things with money (capital) give, save, or spend.
renovate the BC.
in #Austin! What a relaxing wonderful #spa!
Team no days off.... Congrats bro RT : AH I GOT 3rd PLACE! I GET A MEDAL. HARD WORK PAYS OFF!
RT!!!! ": - i wish my dog could just fall over & die already ."
still disturbed that yesterday a director of ed. at a large museum told me that education is the way to "get your start" in the field.
Watching switched at birth then going to bed. I have this fascination with deaf culture. I'm tired, sore and ready for the weekend.
Hi! Typically we do not hire for the summer, but email your info to !
“: Sick. is that kind of an enormous glove for a SS?” Glove is too bad that his bat can't fit into his bag
Livin' the life.
How are you?
Love you! Thanks for a great season. The stairway to #7 begins again next season. # Steelers!!!
Ravens' John Harbaugh tells 98Rock radio in Baltimore this a.m. that Pats' Super Bowls r "stained" & "discredited" by Belichick's cheating.
Rim to Rim to Rim. ~12m gain. You'd have kicked it.
it's not bad. It's just like someone never listening to rap, and then getting really into MF DOOM. Like, why not Jay-Z
Today's Q: what are the vendors of challenge-based learning (CBL) ? Does CBL engage students by making the Problem-solvers?
i'm secretly a lucky charm that you never knew about
Save me!!!
You did a good job hiding your protein, just so you know.
I #Love San Antonio city:) now more 'cuz I know that its there:D
Labeling the Google Docs folder that holds all the wedding stuff "Shindiggity" has really helped me keep pretty cool about this whole thing.
RT : Take a moment from your busy day and just dance. #hearthappy {Yay! Needed that dance break!} :)
what the hell is wrong with me?!
#CC250 please sing
Grinders dont take summer breaks.
Every belief is a leaf awaiting autumn.
Russ family bout to invade the wicks in middletown, watch out
The number of times I want to say "except when it benefited you" in the course of a day right now has become nauseating.
The puppy we saw is so cute it looks like a toy!
oh what the fuck ever, goodbye now!
Can't wait for the Boyfriend video!
Kudos to every public servant who has the audacity to propose new ways of solving old problems.
He thinks i'm bipolar.....I might be
Im not too sure what ratchet means But if its drinking &getting wild im dowwwn! ": Me & need to get ratchet! 👯"
Chris Mann and Cristina killed it on their duet.
Great suggestions RT : Q9 CPR Manual, Choking hazards, poison help. Other baby items. Like meds, ointments
Owners of Poised Creation, Joe Dan Wilson and Kyle Johnson are very thankful for those who follow PC!
#RESPECT RT : YA'll ain't got no love for #1vsMany ??!! Ya'll ain't got no love for and 'Isaac William Shmaschemov ?!!!!
Start-up or Fortune 500, every organization should mentor their people. A process is ideal, making the time to do it is essential.
does #libleadership have any special characteristics related to it?
You didn't have to stoop so low..
what are you doing???
Glimpsed Space Shuttle Discovery from the bus this morning. Amazing sight.
In rehearsal...at
Speechless... RT - Word on the street is that Parks and Rec will be filming on campus tomorrow...
I think there are non-obvious ways to lead
Like the mouse maisy?
Ah #Panama, not a good game. Yes you held back Mexico until the last minute but if we had tied we would have been knokced out anywya soo..
What are your messages?
I love how I wake up noticing that I fell asleep waiting for my bf to atleast text me :(
My weekend was pretty rad. Did you do anything worth telling? I'd like to know. I danced....a shit ton.
I then did in a whole pack of that Dos Equis and its only 4...guess I'm celebrating
Please avoid the area of St. Lucy's Church (7th Ave) tomorrow between 9am & 2pm. Very large turnout expected for Det Morgan funeral. Thanks.
that is always good
these shenanigans CANNOT continue.
that baby is ridiculously adorable hyun!
Stupid ass pack lol
Love, love, love my new Hero2 camera.
Sorry bout that. :x
Thanks again for the coffee today at
Second weekend of New Leaders Council was great -- intensive non-profit and political fundraising sessions
I'm selling some Black Eyed Peas CDs, you want one? Heard ur a fan
Lactating tsetse flies models for lactating mammals? - Eureka! Science News
Busy tax season week ends with manicure Soak & new pair of spring shoes from Ah Bucktown/Wicker Park - what a neighborhood!
#bestthingallweek was your interview with !
Had a great time praising God in Spanish & ushering in the New Year at Destiny Church with the praise team from Casa De Gracia Iglesia.
Austin says he would "consider" dating a fan… i need to realize that i wouldnt even be "considered" so i should just give up on that dream..
is at the LAKER game!
then you should have stayed.
Brand is not a logo
i dont know if i should stick with him or not. hmm, i think i kinda should :)
Ohio State cheerleaders really need to stop saying "let's go Ohio"!
how big u trying to get? What you at now?
I also use the app Tweetlist on my iPhone.. it is a great app for organizing lists
Skip Bayless is already at LaGuardia to pick up Tebow. He can wait...
smh. These tweets!
we don't do that in America... try Canada.
just one game of many this year, no big deal
So which chest-thumping "freedom-lovers" on FOX will have the balls to stand up for gay freedom?
Forget food trucks, downtown Memphis needs a coffee truck
SO excited that Gary Harris committed to SPARTY!
Interesting... my macbook is setting my time zone to Pacific... while I am in Eastern... a message from the universe?
Stomach is hurting badly , need a Ibuprofen ( think thats how its spelled ) lbs :\
You already know, that was some Bruce Lee Shit!!!
Jacques was a good man
Hey ya'll. we are temporarily closed because of a gas leak. Yikes. Will reopen at 4pm today. Sorry inconvenience.
Got asked out three times this week.
excited for the #creativeconnectionSD event tonight! ps-ladies, bring some luck with you for some fun giveaways!
Love the snow! Want to get together for ice cream, grilled cheese and scotch? Again. Soon? Miss you. xo
The Shins new album "Port of Morrow" is now available
Many thanks to the participants and audience members at the final TILTS DH symposium. Super conversations, and lots of questions left.
Judging history day really brought home that putting primary sources online means students can access them in a VERY real & important way.
just followed my first 23 or so influential author
this is too cute :p
Type your question and I shall type an answer.
hahaha. Made me smile 😃
I most certainly am!
thanks for the rt! :)
"like two skinny fries chasing ketchup" first time I ever heard that. LMAO.
Today is about motivation. Hopefully saying that will motivate me
You are welcome! Thanks for dining with us!
#sljsummit10 e-readers are not solution to improving reading for learning unless they target struggling & new readers plus motivated readers
Wrapping this pocket Shot web Design. That only took me 2 hours to put together. On to the next project.
uh huh! whatever!! :)
Glad to hear you both enjoyed it!
Edict from the grave?
4 more weeks and Cameron will be here. I got my shit together and i did it at light speed...or so I think lol
1st on the open mic an older guy singing about guacamole... I need a smoothie
"Hold on Eva Longoria's texting me"
you're lying again?
I don't play with assholes but I am one on TV. Wait...I'm not on TV?! o.O ...Oh well, I guess now I can play with my asshole.
Thanks! I'll try again later.
Haven't been on twitter in forever! A trip to Florida and the holiday had me pretty busy. Hope all of my twitter friends are doing well.
When your told this might be your last summer in kansas because ur moving.
Do you know the meaning of the #ANC Centennial logo? Read more, on its meaning that derived from the theme ' Unity in Diversity'.
I can't stand gatekeepers of any stripe. Especially doormen
God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, courage to change the things I can, and wisdom to know the difference.
If they are trying to up bway tkt sales, they're going to need some better musicals
All the best and happy new year to you all!
Played soccer for the first time last night. You're supposed to scream and put your hands up when the ball comes at your head, right?
After reading for quals on the beach, I'm now buy some tank tops and heading back to KTown
This is so much fun seeing everyone learn this
we just got engaged so I love your text!
#Jerzathon...forever watching Mike make a fool of himself....he will always be my least favorite
Reality T.V is Becoming Worse Than Bacteria
So very true!
You are welcome. I added you for photography interest
Hi from Ohio
I got a cheat sheet still Finna
give me yours and ill text it to you.
did you score at al? Please tell me you did
I'm seeing Interactive Keynote Live Stream - Ambient Location and the Future of the Interface at SXSW 2012.
I'm at your website now. Would you prefer hard copy or email? If email where do I send? If hard 6500 Santa Monica? Thanks!
On my way to Skyline Comedy Cafe to see Auggie Smith
thanks guys for showing me love. Peace.
Hahaha get tried
Hey brotha how you doing mane?
Whose got two thumbs and a rotten attitude? That's right! This girl!!
2.0 web tools for 21st teacher about to start, ready for a little more sunshine,
Laying off 100,000's of teachers is an example of Bad Policy-local, state and federal
laughing so hard cause of your tweets lol so friking funny I mean litterraly the illegal was funny and the dad one and theothe
I don't like NASCAR but Travis is going to tear it up
Sometimes #sex is Better then #love. You can do it without loving one another so it prevents #heartbreaks nd #games from happening
Bumping this all day
Someday, I'll make a minor scratch of change in this world. Someday.
Thank you to my new followers!!!
It might hurt a little at first, but dont be alarmed, thats natural.
This is the story of my life.
Charles and Baltimore today 11-2 then The Gathering tonight 5-9... Let's eat
LOOL, broo we need to hang out soon <3
I have never been. I'd love to go. My sister has been a couple of times. She loves it.
Ever known someone so stupid you can't believe the shit they say?
It smell like Butt Cheeks -.-
Yes! But he really hit his stride during the Clinton administration. Ask him to do it for you sometime.
I had written off online dating...but I'm going to try this.
someone? I have a name you know lol
Wow, that is amazing!
I wish I could wear high heels to school.
do u know ? your last two tweets,make me think u should
Ppl who have a twitter but never tweets <<<<
Chef Geoff's Downtown is conveniently located 3 blocks from the WHITE HOUSE!
His music is better, now to me. This is some real uplifting shit, though. Whoever "errbody" is is wack.
sounds like a plan! looking forward.
Please cite sources. No major political outlets have your statement.
#ReplaceFilmTitlesWithVagina Lock, Stock, and Smoking Vaginas.. Follow me
This day is boring wish I stayed home.
The hardest part of getting to the bottom of yourself is knowing what lies above and ahead of you.
You're missing out! :)
we will have a new variety pack box very soon. contains 2 "goat's choice" selections which are most likely our seasonal beers.
Special 3-man show September 4th @ McCormick & Schmick's in Tysons Corner
Cool & eerie at the same time! Follow real-time Titanic tweets at
. Hes strugglin, lucas wont be consistent with big minutes. Rose out 11 & we lost2 in a row. Its april, we will worry about may
FYI They Blocked my facebook account. For RIO just post your names on the event. I can still see it from other pages -Justus Kalson
What i just wished for >>>>>>
Thanks for the RT!
Awww thanks so much! :)
#TempleRun is finally on #Android!
#InfiniteSmiles <--- I will never get tired of that(: lol.
Only 7 days to enter the recipe contest and a chance to win that Holland Grill! Don't wait, enter today. Voting will start May 1st.
There's a group trying to ban plastic bottles from campus entirely...
you know what I am talking about!
it's redonkulous!! If you don't want to be American go the hell away then!
": ha ha. Yea I'm on twitter Welcome me with open arms." Lol I just called you
Burns must eat crow!
Youre still awake?!
Auditions for Miss Caribbean US Beauty Pageant this Saturday 2/18 from 2p-9pm at the Crowne Plaza on City Line Ave in Philadelphia
Riddles in class!
Oh, you're right. It's basically the latest weigh in plus or minus the lbs gained or lost. But might be able to fit it back in.
well idk im gonna try to.do 5 but the other 4 im.gonna get that shit of google
Europe was created by history. America was created by philosophy - Margaret Thatcher
Hey , I've got a question for libchat. If you had $1000 to spend on c-dev, what would be your can't-miss titles? Esp YA stuff.
I love this! -->RT : Mike Barber. Runs healthy imagination for GE. " Health care is a team sport."
I am less agitated with Timeline today...Oops, I mean I love Timeline a little more today than yesterday.
Barbara Streisand Record Marathon!!! ...of throwing them around my room with bucket
Wow, thanks! : I'll say it again: is a traveler's dream.
Overslept. Gotta listen to the word via Internet. After that workout, then get ready for rehearsal!
New nickname: Al Chuckets
Happy Graduation ! #HowNeatIsThat :-)
it going to be a beautiful weekend.
..the State of Maryland needs a copy editor.// Gotta say I'm missing it too. Maybe it's too obvious??
that's because you are all powerful!
Welcome to Baltimore, Kevin. Looking forward to a great year!
I miss yu so much even tho yu weren't prefect at all :/
“: Excited for this weekend!! :)” why would this be? Hm? :)
What you see in yourself is what you see in the world - Proverb
Yay!/Wha?? My unborn baby likes Spirit Caravan.
love you
I recently got a iPhone thanks to my mom, I did get tetherme but it doesn't work with a lot of my devices
I don't believe shit that anybody says.
Feel down the stairs. Awesome. Carpet burn. Sprained ankle. Bruised ego.
Spent a little too much time at target this morning... Off to la jolla farmers market to find ingredients for this weeks
Pill swallowing training at the Michalisko home... "No Ben you will not choke to death taking this pill... I PROMISE." But if u do I g ...
To recuperate from this weekend, I will need 12 hours of sleep that I'm NOT going to get.
www.retronaut.co = my favorite place on the Internet right now.
confusing! but i fixed the tweet ;) thanks!
I heard niggas was mad because they aint get nominated for the categories in our yearbook……YOU MAD???
Risk comes from not knowing what you're doing. ~ Warren Buffett
Got my trippy kit ready! Off to party with and !
Ill even settle for waffles in the toaster 😒
"An attitude of gratitude brings opportunities." -Yogi Tea
“: You can’t change what has already happened so choose to look ahead instead of behind you.”
yea I seen the lil sweater! Brook didn't look like it was listenin to your ass tho! Maybe next time in espańol
22 people, if I just counted right...
For fresh variety of news and news video please visit www.tncnews.com
yeah we should :) btw your tweets are awesome <3
Great article. I'd been struggling with the logic there. Is ice a drug since it reduces swelling like ibuprofen? (rhetorical q)
Man can I not wait for today to be over. Wanna curl up into my bed
Ciao Marie :) take care
hear abt attempt to introduce rhythmic dance to Norwegians. Too Late? :(
Just finished a rigorous evening of Adobe Illustrator training for school. It's a bit tougher than Photoshop, but much better to design in.
By the power vested in me, I now pronounce you deleted and blocked. You may now kiss my ass!
I'll take a coke, please. :)
HAHA! The Gf just paraphrased Silence of the Lambs - "Have the cows stopped mooing, Leslie?"
Looking fwd to our chat TONIGHT for prospy studnts! Get any ?s answered by current studnts @ 8pm EST.Check american.edu/admissions to log on
Take into consideration your existing structures when planning and implementing your #landscaping project
note to self: get to bed early tonight
ahahaha me either -keeps walking around-
"The idea of a mistake is beside the point, for once anything happens it authentically is." Lend your own voice and thoughts to the...
Choices so far for new and improved Twitter handle = postmarchivist (for my <3 of postmodern theory) or icanlift40lbs. Suggestions welcomed.
Being lonely could be the worst feeling.
can't wait 2 c u dance again.. Good luck.... Is ur mom gonna b their 2 c u dance again?
~ Your Subway commercial ran again
The pressures that the world puts on us should only serve to strengthen the power that is in us. "greater is he that is in me..."
It's coming & you heard it here first: The Drivn Apparel­® Drift-Jump; a Guinness event.
Ditto. And I *am* a metadata librarian!
“: hey its not to attract girls! It's cause she's the shit!!” word.... But it's going fantastic thank you
goodnight its time to go im tired
Diane Wittenberg, Plug-In Electric Vehicle Collab. in convo w/ Nichols: will AB 32 drive biz out of California?
Mercy swerve
hey paul! can you let us know what's going on? we can take a look and get it fixed for you. thanks!
What lies behind you and what lies in front of you, pales in comparison to what lies inside of you
I DMed Austin for ya (:
El Cajon Mayor Mark Lewis notes that someone from the planning commission would be the most "expedient" way/choice to fill council position
Lol! Did the refs twirl the nets around on top of the ladder with their final 4 hats on : )
A BRAVE NEW WORLD
Maybe a little cruise will make this day better
This is lilyhills daughter. She passed away on wednesday due to a stroke.
my friends friend killed himself because he was a guy belieber an got messed with cuz he liked you an ur music
Wow today was a straight FAMILY day from the BBQ, to the beatin up my lil cousins, to the music and of course the baby stories
Thanks for the RT!
If you can read my lips...if you got junk in the trunk..c'mon get, get low- Everybody, its time to party!~
your welcome.(:
MIXED GREENS SALAD - With Orange, Cucumber, Jicama and Green Olive Vinaigrette
will you ever do a COOL MORNING 3 with ?;)
thanks for the rt and for helping us use social media to reach beyond the walls of our classroom! My kids will be excited!
Great last night here at BSU. Going to miss the bros and Stay fly this summer ya'll.
IN APRIL are you following TREND'S??
LIve To Give - Give Away #1 - www.BrianEZimmerman.com Live To Give is a weekly project where Demet.. Error: Please specify a URL to shorten.
My wish , for you ♪
Absolutely!! Can't wait for you to check out the new place. And we see the JofM info in our lobby. Was that you? :-)
you first tho ;)
OMG did you and Katie love each other? Can totally see you two hanging out. She'is the fucking best.
It's funny cuz it's true! RT The Internet: Enabling hypochondriacs since 1995.
Both #GoodLuckEleanor and Good Luck El are trending. I was thinking she had medical procedure or surgery but a test? A test?
If you don't weep afterward, it's hardly sex at all.
hi love u too
Our website is undergoing some construction so please call us with any questions (310) 205-9008
Our Brewers Notice was approved today. Thx TTB.
Sounds good but if it usurps the US constitution then that's where the SCOTUS should draw the line
Bitch please, ur bra has more stuffing than build a bear
NFL great Jim Brown calls Alabama's Trent Richardson "ordinary." Crimson Tide fans blow gasket. Jim Brown is now trending.
Happy 1st Annual National Digital Learning Day! 1110010010011001001001001000100
never watched an episode of american horror story til the season finale, that shit was crazy
I'm shooting for 2!. Really kind of psyched about old motel signs in Niagra Falls on the way home. Hence all the slide film.
By my math Dragon Age webseries is putting up solid viewing numbers rivaling most cable TV network shows. Congrats
Mourning over. Bring back Bitchbart avatar.
#Bitch aint even worth the shoes she walked out in...
We sing freedom songs today for the same reason the slaves sang them, b/c we 2 are in bondage & the songs add hope 2 our determination..-MLK
Oh baby baby Oh baby baby ~ in the style of Usher
They're so cute.
Of course, recently, I have called him names I regretted, such as "rake," "rapscallion," and sadly, "scoundrel."
Tenn's philosophy of playing UL style ball and fouling the crap out of the cats is obviously not working.
what's your ultimate goal in life?
you really need to stop going by yourself to Applebee's for the 2 for $20....
Yeah, disappointing see that.
totally possible :)
1 year since I met :)
TINY CHAT WITH ZAYN ;D
Work for the fun of it, and the money will arrive some day. -Ronnie Milsap
God has given jurisdiction over harmful acts of man against man to State, but retains His jurisdiction over hearts/minds
I am following you know. docprov
...but then I got Pinterest to work.
shouldn't we wait at least a week or t till the govt totally, collapses into anarchy before ok'ing this sale? :- (
Thnx Troy! RT Watching on way to play ! Good stuff girls!
How is it that I am always happy to hear about others booking work?
There goes toe nail number 2. Now my pinkie toes are matching.
sup homie? you in the chat room?
Any known or unknown cause that could be detrimental is flushed away by the pure action of God's healing power
Retweet if you miss these guys: !
evaluating #accessibility of library db websites - surprise! not that accessible, but also not quite as bad as I expected
Every American hamster comes from a single litter imported from Syria in 1930. That will save them money on ancestry websites!
that guy is awesome.
how about the TV ratings. MLS issues in recent years has not been game attendance
"Schemin just like the preacher in church he sellin hope" 😳 Meek is nasty
yall niggas is cutting up.... im just tryin eat
we are too!
DON'T GO
It’s not cheating unless you get caught. ;D
RT : How do you measure success as a professor: When a recent undergrad gets a job with a higher salary than yours.
Why is #SpaceJam a topic for the Chicago twitter trends?
you just never know :-)
Follow the new twitter feed for announcements of exhibitions, talks, free workshops and more!
Love the banter between sweets and booth at the diner on
Our newest version of a Black IPA is now on tap at the brewpub! Come by, give it a try, and let us know what you think.
#WeWontWorkIf you take me for granted.
Im actually tweeting today :O
I should be there, may have to leave and go back to work though. I didn't know you guys had graduations during work hrs.
He made ALL the plays for them since...
I don't think it's necessary to send a retweet for a person who's just cleaning his room... it's stupid, isn't.
if pretty girl deserves to go to a ball
what it di
Bar in Boston or ride at Disney: Miracle of science?
Thanks to everyone who has followed us back!
It is Monday! Is your light shining? Or are you in the dark? Be the light!!!
Cmon Cap. Enjoy the moment. Damn. Smiles ;-)
After driving through Chesterfield County last night, this pic is truer than you think.
What to do in Austin?
I must figure out a way to get cable back in my life in order to watch Beavis and Butthead again.
Got a great little special cooking up for tomorrow...
i'm not happy with my life because your in it...
Every piece of correspondence I receive from is unclear. Also, your website is a quagmire of confusion. GAH.
thanks for the follow Lauren. Hope you are doing well!
so excited about my girls audition at new York film academy this weekend. they're still young in the game. great way to start.
I'm hiring: contract iOS / UX developer in #PDX. Also looking for 3D Studio Max developer. Reply if interested. Please RT
Thanks so much! Glad you enjoy the blog.
“Why are we stopped?” Angel complains...It’s an almost-8-year-old’s impatience, restless with the confinement of the car
Especially tonight! “: "The warmest summer I ever spent in San Francisco was the winter of 2012 in San Francisco." -Mark Twain”
hey Madison can you refollow me? :)
Where's the party? Partylab Palm Springs is now a business affiliate of Diversity Platinum- go to this amazing store and get your discount!
Stress is just your mind being confused on why you didn't choke the hell out that asshole...
AND an excellent helper at that. Got a new dark-grey pinstripe. Thank's Colin!
Today, I am using my ability to see & understand what others can't RE: the New Testament & ancient history. Will report back w/ findings.
That's shit crazy
New #southpark. Can't wait
There's something fishy going on here... RT : Made Swai fish tonight, it was good but I think I like tilapia better
Hope so!! $4 Sake bombs Fridays!
Bryan is a huge fan of the informal hand raise poll
thanks for the lens baby link. Looks like a nice upgrade.
Any tips on a pinched nerve? Still lacking feeling in my arm over here...
Ha! You are going ham bro!
Re: transition: I think practitioners are capable -- recruiters and employers are reluctant. Too many options.
Bill Belichick is still sporting his Quasimodo hoodie. This is the superbowl, not "garage Saturday."
I LOVE magnolia - one of my favorites too!
Happy Easter to everyone! !!!
I was messin man. My dude beat me to them
Needing my barn fix - two rides tomorrow
Lots of us here in central Ky are huge Reds fans also. Different sport so smart move by Reds !
& johnny costa meeting for the first time next weekend? yurp. gonna be epic.
We are thrilled to have won the GRAND JURY PRIZE film festival!
“: Happy Mother's Day to all the grandma's that took care of the kids when mom couldnt.........or just wouldnt.”/// agree
m... That looks well tasty :) xx
Being around for your wife and kids should enough motivation. You can do it bro.
i wish i knew how to go to sleep before the AMss
It's raining in Miami so comcast is down.
Great session this week with Jerry Stucker, Tony Adamo, and Tower of Power great Stephen "Doc" Kupka.
You dont have to know everything. You know the One who does know and He will tell you when He wants you to know.
If I had but one backcopy of YourSinclair, I would quote you four awkward Dominic Diamond jokes about disabilities.
Shout out to Joey HIll of the Navy!! Thank You for everything!!
You are an instagram whore, and I love it.
next food network star with
LMAO ! Really You Think Your The Shit && Your With A Bitch Who Cant Close There Mouth By Them Braces Lol #BITCHPLEASE .
Love it! RT : I had the Sheboygan sandwich from for dinner last night, and now I'd like another one for lunch.
i did that with a taco bell cherry limeade sparkle once lol.
#WhenBlackFolksThrowAParty gotta make sure I add extra water on the KoolAid and tea :/
Favorite TV moment: "Women have all the power in sex." "That's why male prostitutes don't make house calls."
I love new skunk hair. He's lookin good.
will do! Vet just called & he's doing well :)
The first longest yard is funny as hell :)
": My best friend >>>>> <3" That better be me bitch! Lol.
Don't wait for the world to change, change it youself.
I voted yes on the merger! Vote today! and members today for
I can't wait until you guys decide to team up and fight crime.
Just kidding i just like you as a friend
This is why a 16 has never beat a 1.
you had to hear how I said it. I mean like I thought so! I thought it was Madonna
#Insanity Sundays just got a little bit crazier- we're bringing #P90X into the mix! Check out all the madness each week at 10am!
Great reception to celebrate your new office. Thanks for all the fantastic work to prep NYC kids for tomorrows opportunities!
this is why im hot =D
I can't believe is missing this...
im not saying my boyfriend is thick ,but yesterday when we had a gas leak she put a bucket under it
Yes! We have a few diehard people that still want to party this weekend. We'll keep going until it snows or under 32.
No. Wondering how it fits into #contraception debate RT : yours specifically?
Whenn is this gonna happen? Lol
Hi Ann sorry I missed you today! Were you there? If so, hope you had a good conference...
There's always that one guy in class who thinks he knows more than the teacher...
I'm from Mississippi!.(: #mississippiswag #mississippideezygirls (:
Look into the future, it's right behind your eyelids but I don't wanna know 'Cause shit I like suprises.
So where was this decadent italian meal? (It was good meeting you on Saturday at #pnwds)
Whos going to hang with me on Ustream today??(:
Bored at work. Play me if you dare #DRAWSOMETHING username: fredsterz
My street floods in the rain. I like driving down it at high-ish speeds.
And if you believe in love and all that it can do for you. Give it a chance, girl. You'll find romance
SHE was 4'10" so she always made sure people knew the requirements.
Good Morning All.
I Cried When I realized I wanted to love you forever but couldnt =(
Thanks for the shoutout. Of course the data and maps are usable in all maps - not just Google Maps
Happy International Women's Day to all the great ladies out there!
oow thats sweet i love you thanks (:
Just made first dentist appointment in a loooonnnggg timmmeee. Now am really anxious and nervous about it.
Okay I'm done with throwing my miraculous tatas in people's faces at 9 then tell everyone im coming to snuggle.
SHOWGIRL OF THE YEAR!! TOMORROW!
i look forward to growing, just never growing up
What to watch now? Last Dragon was good havent seen that movie in years
In Review
Kate Hudson's shoes deserve a shout out. Fabulous!!!
not sure Smoak can be wound any tighter anyway.
sad! they're taking the melrose out of melrose place.
SHOOTING MYSELF IN THE FACE BECAUSE I AM NEVER EVER GETTING A BOYFRIEND #UGLY/FATGIRLPROBZ
If your gut's not healthy, you're not healthy.
You look a lot like
(in a whisper) .....sounds like a pretty good rule to live by
go figure? :)
me neither. :(
no idea. Still trying to figure out where I plug in the mouse.
Canada is the only country not to win a gold medal in the summer Olympic games while hosting.
let's see it!!
was invol upgraded to New Twitter. still brooding. not exactly a luddite but i prefer new things to be upon my instigation.
RT Don't you ever leave the gym on a missed shot
And I also hate that the email looks different on everyone's computer here!
nothing, haven't been on here lately, just working... i'm sorry i took so long to get back to you
The first time I saw Nadia G. I thought she was bizarre. Now I'm a huge fan. She's funny and her pizza sauce we had this week was fantastic
Life is good!
Came home to find feathers everywhere in my bedroom, a bird with its neck broken on the floor, and my cats laying around napping.
You can choose a ready guide in some celestial voice. If you choose not to decide, you still have made a choice.
DAE feel like the neighbors are watching them every time they go outside?
Wish I was there!!! RT : Just had THE BEST night with True Committee! These ladies make my heart swell!
boy go to sleep
HAHAHAHA That was funny!! And we also did and !!
Good to see back on the court the past few weeks.
I don't like being at Marmaduke by myself. Makes me reminise too much.
damn u don't show them hoes no love lol
Baseball: Internet problems seem to be fixed.
Tank of gas to get to Boston=$60 Taking to dinner=$75 Drinkin at Tuna =4 bucks Spending the weekend with =priceless
took my boy to watch a few races at Gulfstream today. Love watching the horses.
I wanna stay up all night and jump around until we see the sun
NAW IT A SPORT BAR & GRILL PLUS THE GAME GON BE ON 18 YEARS HAVE SCHOOL 2MORROW
Yoshis good tonight, Brazilian jazz
You too, have a great new year!
thanks 4 following!!
Baby, engagement, baby, engagement. Facebook is a daily reminder of how old I'm getting.
As my mom wld say, "she's not too bright" Seriously. RT Madonna-Cld she possibly be more affected or less gracious?
When we find a guitarist, then we'll start scheduling again.
Tacos? It smells like tacos over here.
“: Come on Knicks!!! We need a NY team that actually wins”. What about your Jets? They have Tebow...
Sorry bro. I'm just passionate about him & the foundation he laid for us all.
If you want to become a serious marketer, skills training is provided free of charge to enable you to earn serious rewards
O my god its so windy!!
I'm confident can go yard all day long with those big, beefy forearms... oh, wait.
RT “: Obama is capitulating so much that he has decided to vote for Rick Perry.”
Ames! Feel free to use the hashtag:
celebrates its founder, operatic voice + visionary, Dorothy Maynor, Sat. April 21 12noon-4pm.
LOVE the Priority Inbox. This totally makes up for Wave.
-and by our I'm thinking unconferences, DHSI-type gatherings, cross-disc. teaching opps
"Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value." #Einstein #genius RT
case in point, the occasional disdain for the new materialists.
Yep, and good night Honolulu.
Thanks for the shoutouts bro if you can keep them coming and have other people too I am trying to get more fans for my music.
I'm writing my rankings right now
Everybody come out to Akt Like a Nupe in Zimmer Auditorium! Kappa Shimmy!
Priming the projectors. 2 more days!
Hex Dispensers RULE!
gotta be a better way
hey B how is everything going??
well I can't sleepover anyone's house bc tommorow is mothers day :(
More snow today, thought this white stuff was gone for the year. Trainer time
Preparing to go back to school and get a degree not a certificate... Fuck ATI...
": Hey " always nice hearing from you, killa!! Jelloooooo!!
ah its late good bye peoples :P
Thank you for your feedback. We will alert our facilities department.
it's always the little things right. Happiness isn't always winning the lottery or going to Disneyland.
rt , follow , call , text , dm, do anything to make me smile for once . I never smile /:
And Hugo takes Sound Editing
Sometimes you just want a pair of legs around your neck.
Our pleasure, we could not have been happier with the result for your state!
In case anyone missed it, "Drive" is now on Netflix Streaming.
UGH CMON SON
Fight for your dreams and then your dreams will fight for you.
guess your not at the convention anymore.
wasn't Peter a child as well?
- no we aren't... we're allies. where'd you get that?
A bobcat now lives in the kitchen of the abandoned #DVhistory Ash Meadows Brothel
listening to literally makes my night 10000x better.
I can't lie, and I'm not even ashamed: I just really love The Nate Berkus Show.
Welcome to San Diego! Nothing like living in a postcard called heaven!
haha, no x( no one will let me since I'd most likely kill everyone remotely near me
Her: "I tagged you in it.." Me: "We live together!!!" Zuckerberg: "Muahahahahaha!"
Hey! It's going good. Hope its going good for you too!
Getting ready to go get some breakfast with my daughter before I head out .... Who's coming????
wants you
a couple of my friends and I skated with him when he came to Chicago.(: he's a rad dude.
Oh Friday, how happy I am to see you!!
Don't kid yourself, it's always boobies.
how is it?
Don't wish it were easier, Wish you were better.
starting a YAM JAR in my house. you have to put change into it when you refer to yams as "sweet potatoes"
Don't be this someone. Someone was a no-call/no-show for their rep meeting today!?!
wish you could too! Hey I picked my favorite gowns! Take a look on my fb:)
And the editing begins!
What did you do all weekend?
Excited about the big splash is going to make at this year. Come check out our booth.
this is my first time watching it. I may or may not have teared up at one point..
You mean I can't update my sexy amazing picture
Who won the golf game?
#broncos brass pulling up to DUKE right now
RT : Mitch Daniels is the dream candidate for Republicans who find Mitt Romney to be too exciting.
Are you following these artists?
Probably will be fine - just reach out to NAFSA to see what newcomer events they have lined up! Let me know how it goes! :)
Getting started
I would love to speak w/ you about your experience in the JD program, my plans are to pursue one once I complete the PhD
I hate everyone.
Have you taken care of yourself today? $10 manicure $10 shampoo & set
RT: “: With such a musical family, it's no wonder has a pure passion for the craft and an undeniable stage presence:
"Nothing's a failure - if you've got 30 people really engaged, you've got something." #learn -
let me know what's next..
wow I need more followers 99% of my stuff on here is from u lol
Fondon issues another walk and loaded the bases.
where are you tonight?
Pacers Win!
Has decided that going to bed early and then cooking everything scratch tomorrow is the most viable option due to lack of fridge space!!!
I did. I like your family. I keep hoping to get adopted :) When are you coming back to the bay?
What a day!
i loved GOT i haven't read the others yet but i have them for my NOOK.. if you want i can send them to ya..
Automatic Home standby generators starting at $ 99.00 Call now 317.24POWER
thanks for the RT boss
ugh. I wish I was going
Lol it was but u could have came n said Hey or sum..Lol but it cool
lol. Don't do it!
Yeah, especially the classic model is good when you swim.
yes! VICTORY IS MINE. AHAHA! lolz!
This time Heidi tweeted keynote of success
Morning miss ^_^
White Bedding Sets - Best Resources About Baby Boy Bedding ...
There is so much power in just asking a question.
u kno I only play the classic shit lol
can you follow me so i can dm you?
i never broke her heart... what?
Happy Friday everyone! A week from today is the Final Round at the Hard Rock Cafe in DC. MARK YOUR CALENDERS! Next week 2/24!
I have no idea what's up with the #Blackhawks lately, but I like it!
is 9840 minutes from the start of SoCap08!
If u wanna stay some stuff about me 2 ur freind then go ahead
So supposedly the Antique Archeology van was spotted in creighton today. My son is upset he didn't see Frank & Mike.
Big spot for Inge here...
Excited to be at the Womens leadership series. Learning bout the "Changing world of media"
Perry sucks as max RT : Rick Perry will unveil the rest of his economic plan on Tuesday 11am in South Carolina.
I love me some Fast & Furious ": finally watched Fast Five! Two words AWE SOME!"
Lets go celtics!
Its an amazing episode. I work on the finale....Mcphee's performance is breath-taking. " 45min SMASH time
#FF Follow our European Team for updates, events and news on our European business!
It's also a rite of passage to um, coexist successfully with the lacrosse camp. :) (if there happens to be one there now)
Just left the 500 shut it down. Thank u for all the love thank u everyone.
sorry.. im alex :).. i dont know who yu care either but i see yu live in fresno to so i thought id follow yu..
“: Fresh out the shower, bout to head out in a few” where tha party at
Modernist Gorilla! Just need to keep playing Mega-millions.
Thanks for the follow, Noah! I noticed the quote, "why do food allergies happen." I hope your right about research.
I want chipotle so bad eek
Just my opinion.
Work is so fucking busy! D:
My first #milwaukee #stpatricksdayparade !!
New C.K.S.C. logo embroidered Polo shirts coming soon! $35. Pre-order yours today!
you wont regret that..easily the best wings in pdx!
you rock my world thanks for helping a sista out!
Tempted to take a cooking class. Wondering if Andy would come too.
dont be a clown like me
Dance Moms, really? Reality shows have me almost convinced that there is nothing redeemable about human beings.
Okay, seriously? We should bottle that aroma (and use it as a weapon) ... LOL ...
Alright, I think I'm gonna be out in a few.
Straight up elbow on alfredson
had a great date day with Kipp: started with some shopping, then a relaxing duo massage, then watched The Help at the movie theatre!
hah yeah it's starting!
Farm day today with the junior high! Going to be a hot one!
HAA FASHO.. I GET TO ST. LOUIS 2COME PARTY WIT MY PPL.- U KIDDIN ME? :-)
hey Nate! It's my birthday! :D
I kno me neither =))) tomorrow lol!!!
HOW DO I GET MY T-SHIRTS DESIGNS FEATURED
My CHRO/Effective #Leadership Developement theory?...They don't know what kind of leader they are trying to build...no leadership strategy
Ice cold at that free throw line! The 'ship!
The self-checkouts would confuse and frighten all the senior citizens, that's why.
if you charge $70 per head and leave red meat off the entree menu, don't expect me to come to your banquet
Might as well give Cam Newton the MVP now...at least according to Jim Mora.
Chilling here at LSP ... Every single person here clapping and chanting "I believe that we will win". Best pregame in country here in KC.
#DopeTattooIdea Outlines of the continents on my back
yeah . N I havnt been on in a while
#albumintros "Brianstorm" FWN. Best ever! With #2 track "Teddy Picker", combo has to be one of the best one, two punches to start an album.
Thanks and happy Friday!
I wish that TVs and computers were easier to operate.
RTdsilverman RT : Irony: City of Houston canceled their Christmas tree lighting due to snow
it never is
Thanks for connecting! I'm having a play produced in the Midtown International Theatre Festival. Can you help?
#MLK monument production went really well. Can't wait to launch the video.
what gauge is the ring? Sometimes the smaller sizes are more challenging but they are very easy to put in...Thanks =)
These charge calls are getting ridiculous
Hey! Ali- would love to chat with you about a show i am casting! How do I email you?
if you got the groupon deal for two people i know of someone who would happily split the price with you!
I hate Frank Zappa. He inspired a generation of bands that sound like shit.
Tweaking my new site for me and other things.
Me and are getting involved tonight. FT. LEE BOND BITCHES
Only in love are unity and duality not in conflict.
Tweet if you have a response other than one-liners on Crusades2.0 Administration
I'm with you there
History's Heroes: 1/31/1965 Rev. Martin Luther King Rr. and 770 others arrested for protesting against voter discrimination in Alabama.
Third Ramone Moore triple of the second half cuts #UMass lead to six. But Jesse Morgan hits a runner and #Temple turns it over. UMass 55-47
What is this all about?
I am a definite maybe at this point.
Alabama Shakes: the real soul deal: Admired by Hollywood royalty, the rabble-rousing Alabama Shakes are doing fo..
You smell bad. Go away. D:
Henry Ford who once said, "If you think you can or you think you can’t, you are right." Think about the truth in that and then act on it!
hot hot I want that
what is a good name for a puppy?
any update on Tramon Williams?
May Day: Just another holiday? - Daily Star Online
#ThoughtsDuringSchool "just kill me now.."
NorthStar Limos wishes you a goodmorning!!!
Just embrace the rain <3
My sense is that the editors of , like much of the local establishment, still thinks blogs are pretty silly.
Breastfeeding 'til a child is six? To each her own, but that kid is gonna have some issues.
Somebody fucking hacked my page.
Mumble mumble sob technology
Love you, girl. <3
My wife: "You're always fixing bugs. There's too many bugs in your website, this so-called 'game changer'." Oh, snap.
ADD BOSTON! ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON.. #1DBostonConcert 20
is in the beginning stages of Co Planning/Producing a Big Red Carpet event for Kari Nissena, W 8/4! Mtg 1 today, 37 days til showtime!
Visiting the cemetery 💗
I hope you may enjoy a beautiful breathtaking morning and a wonderful blissful holiday cheerful day! ;)
Nikki - thanks for the retweet. Means a lot to us. Good show.
When I do talk to him this year...I get so nervous. Oh btdubs, I saw the guy that was my first heartbreak, today. He avoided looking at me
NOW CASTING ROCK BAND
idk bruh I might crash after I get out of class. What time y'all goin?
Who's up for some flapjacks?
On my way to school :/!
well that's cool but this girl was showing one off in the bathroom line. It was weird.
Quail Brush Generation Plant community workshop goes on with hours of public testimony, two full rooms of people opposed to project.
I so sowwwwy. Next time I ride through nap I'll call you !
Tweet #4000 on the 4th of July only seems practical. Happy 4th of July everyone! ;)
Some of my neighbor's garbage fell onto my balcony, including an empty bottle of methadone. But at least he's a *recovering* heroine addict
I consider myself incredibly lucky because I have found some of the best parts of humanity where I least expected. ♥
The music for Annie is so hard! I can't wait till the musical is over :/
I always have a good Thursday , seems to be the best
Two of my favorite people in the world got job offers last week, and I just wanted to congratulate them again! You deserve it!
Why can't I have a life like one in a tv show??!!
Is anybody going somewhere other than Siesta or Destin?
I've been done for hours...
Great Q about the technical skills. Hopefully we will have time at teh end to answer it!
RT My Brother bout to make his way to the Oscars Grand stage thats wassup Cheering for you bro :-)<-Thank u bro
It's Thursday...where daaaa fuq is my drink?
I have no idea where you're going with that.
I'm still looking for an talent agent ! if you can help me I'll be happy! Check me out at www.myspace.com/rj1986
2 more months to go xD
we are terrible at averaging. Really incompetent at it.
Global youth service day huge success! Ready for your grads party? Call us!
That's horrible!
I think I need a Thereapy Session of I need the print out to help my disk go back in cause' this sucks ass :-(
I will b n like 2 weeks...lol
Caffeine is required, please input.
Even as a Laker fan, I really love the Paul Pierce rafters commercial.
Peace in the valley is what it look like this am!!!!! Happy happy joy joy!
wordcrack. U know u want it!
I'll be there!
nice! I was going to ask if you read HN :) +1 to you good sir!!
tweetie is also good...but is so new to twitter i thought it would be a good place for her to start :~)
I ain't tryna sound like a typical teenager, but why the fuck you gotta be this fuckin irritating?
Are you ready for Easter baking? We have sanding sugars and sprinkles in pretty pastels to get you in the spring spirit!
Off to # topgolf for some family fun
damn 10 subs at 11:59? I can only dream
need some afternoon action that would be
Since I deleted my facebook, Im stuck on twitter but it's turnt down right now -.-
To parents that make their kids smile everyday! You're awesome :)
do somethign useful and retweet my last tweet :P
Totally agree with shopping at the farmers market. We are so lucky to have what we have in Madison.
Nice! Please do!
Vegas loves you!
"To all the students who drop out and failed high school: Remember two things;1) You tried your best. 2) I don't like onions on my Big Mac."
no tours. I'm not a roadie :)
Too bad we got kicked out of every club we went to last night and I talked hella shit just cuz I'm 21 and I can! Bitches
Genuinely stuck on #Census 2010 question 9 about race. How do I fill in "other Asian"? Indonesian? Batak?
Congratulations, Jo!!!
Hello, fellow Rookie! :)
I am the biggest Lady GaGa fan...that girl can really sing her ass off
Unofficial transcript from PAWS is what you should submit. These are great questions - keep them coming... Applications due 10/28/10.
I can't make u love me if u don't. I can't make your heart feel something that it won't.
been feeding the stray cats in my neighborhood, they are so cute :)
This just came up in conversation the other day. Miller crosses people over from the high post & goes to the rim now (slowly).
- Sorry I missed it earlier in the week but I wanted to extend my congratulations on your move to SAP. Take Care ...
That's a repeat. And wouldn't count because the single is the event that would matter.
hey jordan its me mary aka iamsporty657, please follow me back. =)
“: The most important things are the hardest things to say. - The Body #StephenKing #quote” reading it rite now :)
Last day tweeting ! You can follow me at my personal account Thanks for following me! Its been a blast!
“: Hey #pla12 make sure to check out my program at 2pm. Generational differences in libs and how to overcome em'” Yes, plz come!
Writing is my ammo, I am ready for battle
Accident on US-14 EB near Cross Plains area.
I showed up an hour early for work...would be great if crazy people let me just sit there in silence but no
Working on an article, finding tonnes of stuff to do that is not related.
Every tree, knows the bark. - "the iLLosopher" - shoelace
is HTML6 going to be where we go back and remove all of the prefixes?
I swear im surrounded by a fakes, they smile at me but as soon as i turn my name is said more then they blink.
We got our flight today! The whole family will be in San Diego!
My hair better not come out burgundy -.- or else ima be pissed 😡
This is what heartbroken feels like
Your very welcome Greg. Nice to meet u! Great day to u.
What do we live for, if not to make the world a better place for one another? 😊
Today, Re-Grand Opening of King Soopers at 3100 S. Sheridan, Denver. We'll be here from 1-7pm sampling our delicious Italian sausage.
Welcome civic thought leader thnx for following the consensus hub
No, I have not officially "lost it", I'm making bottle cap accessories and sharing the good Magic Hat sayings. :)
it's my BFF 's #dream to see . Plsss DM ME!!
Do you love Bryce?
full band preview may 24th @ acadia~ very proud to b rockin w some great players!
*looks into purse -____- starts shaking head* naaaaa you can pay this one time. Lmao
Panama City, Florida March 24th
Mom sent me to bed so I'm listening to the game on the radio and the game flow chart on ESPN's website.
Sad news. Mike didn't make it through surgery tonight. Please pray for his family and for our staff .
Class sounds awesome, can't wait.
Emasis is breaking into a jig to wish you a pot of luck, full of smiles, top of cheer kind of day... HAPPY ST. PATICK´S DAY!!!
“: Sorry everyone is the real account. I just talked to him. Sorry about the confusion”
BEHOLD THE MIGHTY BISON! Today's special is a Bison Burger w/ Carmalized Onion & Smoked Gouda! This burger is the king of all it surveys!
stop expecting me to be perfect. i'm not, nor will i ever be fucking perfect.
Your decisions dont effect me! What you eat don't make me shit! _•_
Xsept Productions | Embrace Originality | Hear my Music in rotation on
Yeah, pretty hard to catch it but it was pretty cool
Damn nas...its that bad?
What is the Biology scientist equivalent of ? Selling kidneys? Fencing stolen frog cadavers?
I had my gallbladder surprise-removed on Thursday. Fun times.
I don't know who i am anymore.
aw you're such a sweetheart for doing that. But didn't your mom change her twitter username recently? lol.
Up && awake. No devotion for me. (y)
Opened a new box of dental floss picks in bed last night, forgot to put in bathroom & woke up this morning in a pile of dental floss picks.
RT Single to the outfield. Angi scored. We win 9-8! We win! Won it for Kendra #GoAngi Well how cool is that!
No days off for me ... Kings, Lakers, Clippers, American Idol 😁 double shifts none stop 😳
Yeah, I am too nice and I do have morals. I'm sorry you don't, sounds like a personal problem
Starting to see butterflies outside the window! Now it feels like spring! <3
Yes, I did just curl my hair to wear a hat.
Excited to have Paul Jr. and Rachael Teutul from TLC's American Chopper w/us this weekend! Come join us: centralonline.tv
We're happy to announce that we've brought in a new writer #AlexMartin for our new upcoming "untitled" feature film.
San Diego Home/Garden Lifestyles mag published 2 of my articles in Feb 11 edition; I'm one lucky freelancer
haha lol that was exhausting and it didn't pay off :'O
hi loretta!! so nice to c you here and that you were able to tune into the summit. Yes, i would recommend it. : )
The wind is shaking our car all over the place
There has been only one Christmas, the rest are anniversaries. ~ W. J. Cameron
I was in joliet
I was scouring articles for my research, but I'm sleepy and that can wait until tomorrow.
Great so far! Missing my #Terps, though. :)
ditto that!!
#SignsYoureAnIrrelevantCelebrity When I don't know your name or your face...
“: : "Bang the front, Shag the back" Rachel Ray makeovers today!!! "Business in the front party in the back"
The RZA is a genius yo ! The beats, the bars, the edits from Kung Fu movie like yo 👈
As a compromise, Mitt Romney will allow gay people to get married on top of his car only.
I see. Just offerring assistance in case it was needed. Good luck.
just responded
I never thought I'd... be in love like this When I look at you my mind goes on a trip
I'm sure that's a pleasant fiction for you.
Hey handsome! 228 followers and counting for followers by March 11 Gala for
Don't you dare take Miles. You can take my children, but you leave me my monkey.
More teen murders posted on teenkillers.com. Working on a book for teens that will help them change their lives and impact their schools!
Jan 2k12 prices will be made to fit all budgets. If u need quality music for ur project contact us 496.254.7890 or
The fit works for me which makes all the difference in the world, as you know. Still waiting for my shirt. =)
Come check out all the games at www.watchnhllive.com just register and enjoy the games live online.
Everyone not followin me is bout to get unfollowed.
Hell yea! I cant remember the name, but have you seen the brit zombie tv series about the big brother house?
The first step toward change is awareness. The second step is acceptance. -Nathaniel Branden
Thank you! We're so glad to hear it!
I feel so inspired right now. I don't know what to do with all of this energy.
how do they charge their phone?
what up brahh
"I would send her a picture of my d*** and bubble gum and say chew on this" haha that shit was funny
if you didn't see Hurt Locker yet that another must see
There's much to be greatful for.
I'd be shocked if doesn't win #TheVoice after that performance. Amazing talent!
Nope - most likely 3.5% will do you, and FHA does accept a little lower credit score. Talk to - mortgage guy.
Thnx for RT & tweets! So dude, you're not worried about getting blacklisted? I need you at the Jolie-Pitts shindig next week! LOL!
I am so happy to have not lost power during this winter storm
SEO Edge: Control incoming links to your site for best #SEO results. Skip sites w/3 or less Google PageRank as they will have no real effect
Rain rain rain
The right will be busy dehumanizing Trayvon and humanizing George. Too bad George didn't humanize Trayvon. This would not have happened.
Thanks, I appreciate your kind words.
I said it last week and I'll say it again. Annoying people really step it up on Monday!
can't wait to be in NYC!!! So excited to see the greatest city in the world.
hope you have a great week!
great seeing you all in hazard. you seen some die hard uk fans lol... UK always number 1!
Do you know why it's buried? Leave it alone. Sicilian saying from
Finalizing the presentation to give to realtors on remediating code violations. 15 minutes needed snacks included anyone interested 615505…
Gave a little Chardonnay to my palm tree today..don't judge, hell he deserved it.
ooohh who's number is this? Is it yours?
I'm gonna feel really badass when they don't let me in.
"Why are you singing my part?!?!"
left during the movie just to cake on the phone with her boo
Thank you!
haha that's too funny, got an evil twin on the loose.
TWITTER! Were playing tonight with and at Broad Street Ministries! Its gonna be intense, anyone trying to come?!
Oops, I meant underlying not underlining. Need more coffee. RT - The underlining bill erases all the gains we've made from
Singing along with "Take Me Out to the Ballgame." Ahh. Spring.
A week without pizza is like a day with no sunshine. Get your pizza fix in today!
- thanks for the mention!
I miss you too babe!
Holy crap what a great night! Every band has KILLED it, and now errbody stoked for some Bet On Black.
brothers can be so annoying!!!
There's a reason why "kick" is in the name of that class lol
dude so sad. Fucking hate The heat so bad.
plaid, but not hipster plaid.
#ERCOT declares state wide energy emergency because demand exceeds available load. All utilities must bear #rollingblackouts. How cozy.
Thanks for the MT! We had a great time at at your booth and learning to map the #moon!
that ur show come back on now! Lol get these stans
": a blunt afterwards would be great."
not much, about to head to a pep assembly... Whats up with you??
wheres the grub at? Im hungry
And then she closed the bathroom door in my face.
I'm a Verified Legit
what if Demi like writes a message on it saying how much she loves me. Lolol watch it happen.
Very nice.
will you follow me please after 2,000 followers????
Thank you! (:
I cried when you left me for her.
Brb. Emotionally eating.
LOL! Corny jokes are still 10 times better than spam. Love it :)
are you getting all wet?? It is just brutal looking on tv!
Sacha Baron Cohen Leaks 'The Dictator' Opening Scene [VIDEO] - International Business Times
Not sure about that use-case, but I'd love a haptic tatto that my phone can talk to. Actually, I'd love a haptic shirt. :)
What panels did you see today? What are you going to tomorrow?
coachtuk how the hell do I have three brackets???
sweetie pie!
i want a follow... lol :D
IM LISTENING 2 DUDE LOOKS LIKE A LADY! YAY! :)
I'm noticing a distinct overuse of the word "era." We are in the "Overusing 'Era' Era."
Wolf's FIP is about a point lower than Suppan's was in 2010, at least coming into tonight.
Halfway(?) to Orlando. So far, so good at CLT.
I am def deciding where I live next based on its distance to Blue Bottle. I was never a coffee snob, now I am.
Congrats to who just coached her soccer team to 10-0 victory at halftime
This. Day.
Dee where are you?
Facebook Lite: For those who can't handle the good stuff.
sure just lemme know when n where
If you like Krakauer, follow With Eric West on facebook/ on twitter for Everest and adventure updates daily.
Whatever good comes tomorrow, starts with today.
Did you get to work on time today? Yesterday?
Tired of waiting..
Fanaticism consists in redoubling your effort when you have forgotten your aim.
Yes, would love to talk about it sometime. Your tweets are among my favorites.
O live for the hulk
Thought so. Tell him thanks!
"So what are you going to do on Easter if he's Jewish"
I sincerely apologize for any hearts broken or tossed asunder.
Just found a great play writing seminar in Madison. Now I just got to figure out a place to stay.
Telling me that Google Plus added a cover photo is like telling me the Sears Catalog switched to soy ink. Don't care, never will.
8 yrs ago lived a life furiously driven by something deep beneath the surface. I didn't know what I didn't know. How could I?
"That Paris exists and anyone would choose to live anywhere else in the world will always be a mystery to me." - So True!
They were the games I always went to when I was a kid
is close enough to Centerstage for ya?
Never Give Up!
Thanks to schooling from , I can meaningfully say: Whoa.
Jersey Shore !! :)
Unbelievably excited to be a member of the cast of the FINAL EPISODE of #DesperateHousewives!! TV HISTORY : )
So in Denver on a 3 hour layover. Still debating whether or not to get an epic Bald Eagle statue, you know to symbolize my bad ass-edness
My baby has his first ear infection. NOT a milestone we're celebrating. Hopefully his new Yo Gabba Gabba doll makes it a little bit better.
Hate my effing phone
left wing/right wing - both meaningless cliches.
R.i p whitney houston will always be remember as a legend
I've been running 1 mile at a time at PT since the fall. I started running 4 miles a couple weeks back. Increasing days&miles
NOT watching American Idiot er Idol. Oh I will burn for this.
Who's down to darty?!
Try the Buffalo Macaroni for me. RT : ": I wasn't driving... was on that..." It's opening day!
Came by st. Jack to say hi. Wound up staying to eat. So happy
Happy Leap Day everyone, hope it's a swell one ;)
you should go to NHL.com and watch the
Jim Joyce actually got it right
I feel horrible! I hate being sick
HAPPY EASTER!
Fillin out Job Applications is a job itself .
hahaha. Love it!
but I think psychology/chemistry as a driving force that is counteracting our body's own guidance systems.
There's some good lit on that topic that I read while writing my paper. Mostly content-analysis, not survey. Happy to share.
Painting and listening to movie scores. So far it's been Conan and The 13th Warrior. Music of Ennio Morricone coming up next.
aww why did you leave lol
Try to Kill em with Kindness til they Press the Raising of hell...chiefn
Not when I'm not there & I'm working the next seven days straight.
Why Oregon high schoolers' do not perform well compared to other states? It's because test prep schools in OR suck. That's why we're here.
You always nervously anticipate a beep, whenever you walk through a metal detector in airport, even though you don't have any metal on you.
Writing a chapter book where the main character, a 9 year old girl, lives above bookstore. Need punny names for store, e.g.
wtf is going on?
Is anyone following the #CaseyAnthonyTrial??
Any Team in Training/TNT folks are out there fighting the good fight? Love what you're doing DM me!
There is only ONE tackling technique on the planet prove by science to eliminate CROWN first impact while in the act of making a tackle.
always trying to help the #HSFB community!
Wishing everyone a Merry Merry Christmas
Brew House tonight in NHP, NY! 9PM to close, 21 and over/ID at the door!
Heading to Las Vegas today for the #ASA2011 meeting! Hope to see you all there, and don't forget to visit at Booth #306 for 20% off!
Now Following ...
Can't wait to make big bucks after school is over and then head to Mexico for the partys!
Shrimp and Grits from Maguire's=
In Yonkers NY at the 15th Annual Regional Conference of Puerto Rican Parade & Festival
There are two things to aim at in life: first, to get what you want; after that, to enjoy it. Only the wisest of mankind achieve the second.
It's a hot one out there today! What's everyone listening to?!
Apparently spicy mexican food and celery smell like 's BO......
Great. I have a stalker.. and no pepper spray.
Jason is making me burgers on the grill
What an amazing lineup of performers at SoundTown this year. Any idea how one could get a passcode to buy tickets,
We should!!
Manny u rule yay
What are your kids' favorite exercises?
sad. that it is all i have to say
“: Jonathan Vilma must feel like the one guy at a college party that got ticketed for underage drinking.”
I thought the player were gonna announce...? Didn't know Cal was gonna announce for them.
RT : "Unless women are prepared to fight politically they must be content to be ignored politically." Alice Paul, 1920
#word2thewize5 co-main event vs. gonna be crazy!!!
Some of the discussions I've heard are powerful reminders of what's really important.
I think I agree with the whole instagram thing even though I have an andriod cause u,cant bbm on a iphone cause tht would b wack as hell
Was a great lunch. We'll have to do it again!
Headed to Pacha club in NYC!!! Let's get this party started right!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Pedrioa is going to steal here.
RT : Great way to start the week- #coasset passes 3rd reading in the Senate 20-14! Now, on to the House.
Rangers rockin da house! One more to make the books.
not no...but hell no..his still a jerk. I hope the Pack kick his ass. Oh yeah Bear fans get of that koolaide you guys beat sea
Love your black nail polish and contrasting shamrock! Good luck, Lucky13s, with your blog!
BRAVES WIN! BRAVES WIN! BRAVES WIN! WALK-OFF HIT MELKY :)
Ouch! Sounds like they were trading baseball cards RT : Brewers got $1 for Nieves from the Braves.
worse pic ever ... Very happy right now!!!!!
Stop Gassing These Girls!
#CLE pride! Check out www.GreatLakesClothingCompany.com updated photos give you a better look at our tees! Use code, TWEET20 for 20% off!
i haven't heard jeah in years lolololol!!!!
“: BREAKING: #Kentucky wins the 2012 #NCAAFinals, finally giving John Calipari a title for about 3 years”
Quote of the day "You can't even call them (Charlotte Bobcats) shitty because it's an insult to shit."
love that movie!!!
Brilliant. : "The smartest person in the room is no longer a person but the room itself"
Thought for today: "Be light about it", what does this mean for you? If you're willing to take this on, how might that affect your TODAY?
Happy Hour till 6pm ~ 1/2 price sushi, beer and wine!
For those who forget, when Mitch Daniels was head of the OMB he estimated that the Iraq War would cost $60b max. $800b+ and counting.
Jealous.... That's like a classic shot!
That is cool, now we need an artificial general intelligence system that can produce intellectual products for the system owners
Nice tits! Did you buy them or did you're mama give em to ya?
Do ride out side only or do ya train in doors
your not all there sometimes (x
Dang It! I Just Knew That Was Gonna Get Retweeted... Nope Not Anymore.
sat 2 glasses on her ass.....thats some next level shit
Just saw beyonce's baby! He is so gorgeous!!!! Wow!!!
on tonight? Count me in. In the mood for some eye candy.
no, but in theme park terms in general, I think it's awesome to have similar rides on both coasts. To put in a Disney
HAVE A WONDERFUL DAY, CHITOWN!!
yeah, but i thought he was in remission or at least, I didn't realize the cancer regenerated. so sad.
Headed to the chi opening! Can't wait to see!
Got an open slot available at the Rox Box in Roxborough this Wednesday. Any interested bands please hit us up!
Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live. Jim Rohn
shoot me a DM with your email and I'll get in touch
This game is ridiculous..
i was too busy talking to everyone to really get a chance to drink very much. annoying.
Bomb squad emergency vehicles just passed me heading west on Santa Monica.
you live in ny?
.I will
Tropical Addiction Thursdays with the best in Soca, Dancehall, and Hip Hop happens right now!
You are now rockin with the blessed!! #LEGGO !
that aint nice.
LOL RT Surprised wife by folding all the laundry. She thanked me, patted my head, informed me it was dirty laundry.
The green light coming from under the escalator is more entertaining than watching green lantern.
Not moving to Austria...
You guys must have some big crickets if you need a bat! Haha! Sorry, corny joke.
lol i bet
RT : WHAT'S THE HOTTEST LOCAL SONGS IN YOUR CITY ON OR OFF RADIO?? ?
I can't believe some of the things I just said
pls follow me make my dreams come true I have been trying since 2009Notice me please please please pls.loveu 47
RT Thanks to for great forum and affilliated events
If I can get a decent air fare to #vegas will go see
Rep operative Brian schimming tells Americans for prosperity crowd at alliant center that walker "ain't backing down."
Happy Star Wars Day twitches! May the fourth be with you!!
I really want to strangle this kid right now.
aw sweet! Have fun! I used to do that with my sisters' kids. Being an auntie is great fun!
I saw your little brother sketching on his bike td by Salem ridge, he was killin the st Hugh shirt
Rehearsing. Don't know why we're playing Christmas music on break? Lol
gg pool key may you rip with the other 5 we've lost this summer
social networking is destracting me from my studies..
This is what he did back in the day. Nice to see a return to form.
Who's awake.
Awesome! RT : Love the guy at starbucks. He always says, "my pleasure " to my requests.
#MyPastRelationships have been hell.
Minneapolis, MN = 76F. San Juan, PR = 79F Seriously... what is up with this weather? I mean, I'm not complaining, but it's kind of worrying.
I just cant sleep with this on my mind.. im almost 18.. #CanIWakeUpFromThisDream #OhYeahIt'sLife
Emotion Will Start The Motion of Any Movement...If You Support Love, Peace, & Knowledge Follow Us!Lets Change the World. #Global Unification
A1: personally believe trad. org model does not deliver against org. goals but dept goals (contd)
Yep, is the man. I () worked with him for a while, awesomeness ensued
I think I might ride my longboard to school tomorrow. \m/
so true! i have lost you way too many times haha
Bosh is hurt... That's one down two to go...
It's Foursquare Day! Enjoy our check-in special and have fun with us tonight!
Scouting for Girls; next week in Yorkshire Post, Mansfield 103 fm, Lincs Fm, Trax Fm, Newark Advertiser, Yorkshire Radio and Hallam FM!
Where's home for you? We'd love to have you see our show.
a dream..or hopes and wishes in the form of vivid and intentional imagery?
Gn0d and I playing game of "if we move to DC, what gets to come?" So far, dog, cat, art, and art books have made the cut.
Should I grow the full beard?
Delighted to discover Susan Shreve's Plum and Jaggers, a novel that explores some of the same territory as my Blind Girl's Bluff.
that's wats up
Can't wait to see at Vans Warped Tour 2012♥
heard my alarm going off picked my phone up wondering why the snooze button didn't work cause I imaginary turned it off smh now that's tired
something bout a pinhole beside the battery, holding cap/lock/delete? Or something like that..
Yes. I did run in like a SWAT team. I rushed in to rescue the cookie. And I did. So I'm a hero. Er...of sorts. :P
dats something i gotta work on alot or start improvin cause i so need help wit dat n ALOT!!!
omg that's sick!!!!!
put on a great performance today!! They never cease to amaze us!!! <3
Take me down like am a domino
Join us tonight + stay for our Thursday night talkback following the show!
Home to eat dinner and then laundry/ more work...
Spanish Conversation Today from 7-9pm. All skill levels and abilities welcome!
channing tatum playing guitar>>>>>>
I think people need to be educated to the fact that marijuana is not a drug
In South West Plaza Mall watching in Sports Fan. My Nationals & Orioles are trying to make some noise in this early MLB season.
RT : Ever try an organic beer? Peak Organic Brewing Company will be at Idle Hands bar tomorrow, Wednesday from 7 to 9pm......
#YouKnowYouRatchetWhen someone says "Thats not your real hair" & you respond with "I paid for it so it's mine!!"
Give a man a gun & he can rob a bank, give a man a bank & he can rob the world..
Me too. Seriously I have such a thing for her all the way around.
This girl at Jack hooked me up. I think she likes me ;)
You don't have to give the other person half your shit that way.
I love organic veggies! Wish I had my own garden #countryliving #nice! (:
Finger prints are over-rated... (sanded them off I think!)
personally offended by the the book that gave me a paper cut, my Kindle would never do something like that to me.
Lil'Wegi In The Building Looking @ The Compound That Sh** Is Crazy. At The End Of The Day I'm Rich And U Not. Now laugh It Off.......
if she doesnt ill take whatever u dont want :-) or buy it :-)
I no someone already told me and I'm so sorry
how u doin
It's bum not bumb. C'MON MAN!
Actually, I am leaning that way. Love that boat, and my Wife isn't comfortable with me flying either :/ I can respect that...
Why must the iPhone 4s be soo slow with sprint :/
beats with a modified Liontamer.
Hey Alysha, I thought I was on my page and not Corey's! LOL! I'll retweet you
In my city, community centers and some gyms do. Taichi beginners good, too. Even ag extension offers beginners.
These bitches washed up
BASKETBALL BABY!!!!!
The Sims eh
Read through of TUESDAY'S JUST AS BAD went great yesterday! Thanks to everyone who came out! :)
PANCAKE LUNCH PARTY NOW
uh, yeah. some people
did you meet the goal of 3 females?
the alcohol solution seems popular. Now which variation shall I try first, rubbing or the kind in fancy bottles?
#thoughtsduringschool I hate Everyone here
Congrats on another amazing quarter ! En Feugo!
#ImGoingToTheBTWBall when comes to Missouri!
on accident!
What the fuck are you talking about & what the fuck does it have to do with me? Learn to use twitter before you tweet.
Well dream big and make it count!!! RT : Don't bother me when I'm dreaming, don't bother me when I'm dreaming!...
dillon, what's urs? (:
Way to go Nephew Jack! Congrats on you graduation! I hope the world is ready for you! Go get em!
good question. I guess it is music that brings you back to when things felt special, like dressing up to ride an airplane.
you love that ;)
RT : Trey Parker sings a verse of "I Spit On Your Love" on Late Night tonight.
Who all tweeted yesterday with their fill in the blanks? What did you say? Did they reply?
Screaming your digits at Blake and I from the taco bell drivethru at 3:30 am is not classy. But we appreciate the effort.
- Great Butch Vig video! Definitely been a fan of those. We did the other-band-member double on some Tcoms stuff too, and loved it!
You're such a hipster.
I'm at the gym and realized that all of these mothers are too young to have kids in HS; trophy wives that get allowance?
S/o to our new followers. Hope everyone can make it out to the next show March 28th at Club Church
Headed to the Allbritton/Politico brunch to close out #WHCA weekend.
When challenges come , my God raises the standard..
i changed my username BRAH(;
I am too lucky to have in my life!
The credit cards are not working at my work tonight. Have to put cards in the old fashion way. Customers are being so mean
I need yer truust , that were gonna pull through .
where at?
are we ever gonna get thru tonight......
O cloverfeild you old nasty
on the 2nd floor the Russian dude will have a battery for your watch.
When girls think its cute to take pictures of eachother on the toilet<<< not cute beezys
Sweetwater Sup Brand says contract with SGI - construction firm overseeing bond projects - suspended following charges from DA.
What a goal by the #Coyotes!! Shot from center ice that beats Quick. Amazing!!
“: great youu?”great
well he's talking shit again, follow me & see if u can read his BS! He looks like an inbred f'in dope. His pic is his brofather!
Its a cloudy rainy morning..good for the grass I guess.Oh&How bout them 2011/12 #SuperBowl #Champions? Them #NewYork #Football !
#springsteen badlands
You Know Yo' Mans' An Amateur Come Party With Some Pro's !!
Hi Lisa! Thanks to you and Raleigh for coming in to speak at TAN today! You're a great speaker!
#2days until 's new single #BOYFRIEND comes out !!! Can't wait <33333
Playing scrabble with at 1:30 in the morning.
Sam Kane spilled his slushie then shit his pants
Wass Up Big Bro
it's probably not a good thing. I haven't had the best twitter track record this week.
Just finished editing vocals for my new track this is sounding Hott!!!!
Wish I was there! Enjoy the What's New event today (I think) and send pics
nice meeting u too hun!
Another young innocent life lost to gunfire in less than a week...
Having a real voice makes it easier for folks to connect with you in Social Media
I wanna go to the zoo
whatever floats your boat lol
I think I've said "I could be at the Spurs game" probably like 37 times in class so far. Lol
Are you taking the SLUT home?
As life changes so do goals.
My nigga I'm faded
go AMD X4 Based performance for the buck! and radeon 4870X2 cheap now powerful.
Excited for you !
Anyone found a water bottle that you can actually fit your hand inside of to clean? I don't want to unscrew it and Nalgene isn't cutting it.
Mind heavy , not even gone get in my feelings , everything will fall in places (I assume) but goodnight! Need this rest ☺
OMG!!! The funniest thing just happen I was listening 2 the radio and listening 2 Pandora and both of them was playing drake headlines O.o
There is only one person who could ever make you happy, and that person is you. David Burns
I'm here too! RT : Tuning in to #insights201. Who's with me?
I, for one, welcome our new computer overlords. #Jeopardy #Watson #AI #singularity (Just going on record here. I hope it never comes up!)
"Teach us to give and not count the cost." -St. Ignatius de Loyola
a bunch of verified bands I've never heard of are following me...
Thank you so much, Damon <3
Good news Punxsutawney Phil predicts early spring !
#Carey2011Dublin Yes, please! Would love a team effort on these "radical" tweets
Careful -- librarian convention in town. Streets of #nola may not be as safe as usual.
Is it going to be raining for the rest of the weekend ? If so , I am going to be very upset ...damn you rain!!
Venezuela's Chavez upbeat over Cuba cancer checks
count me in
Journey Of Discovery Ends In Beijing
they do a great job with that show. I had a lot of fun with them.
Feel better! It's too cold.
Yeah!!! You tweeted me!! hahaha... I'm still learning this tweet stuff too... Tell Dad II hi and I love him too..
Just got a pair of zigs for $30!
Hey Fans- It's Twelve Buck Thursday! $12 for unlimited golf & 40 tokens! Add-on unlimited go-karts and bumper boats for only $5 more!
Auburn's Graphic Design Senior Show today at 4:00 in Biggin Hall!
your sister just came up and gave me a hug Haha :D I had to pick up Megan :)
If any of you want to heavily influence my march madness bracket would be much appreciated :)
Thoughts on Vikes' draft?
The always entertaining is getting set to take the stage, get here for a night of tomfoolery and $3PBR Tall Boys!
thanks man. I looked into both of those options and got nothing. But thanks man
Prediction: People freak when forced to new #Facebook Timeline profile. Data will show time spent on each profile/page increases 10%.
Thanks for 644 Follower ♥♥
Maine was MAD BORING. Literally nothing to do. Hopefully transferrint to UMass Boston! How's Bridgewater?
So my bros best friends bro can get free tickets to anything happening in the bank Atlantic center can I have 1D tickets for July? Lolol
Had a dream that followed me..
Im not sayin boycott just don't BUY em as a protest symbol. If you eat'em,eat them, but don't buy them 2 go to a rally!
i didnt get to see your blog :(
Welcome to Twitter, !
thank you xox
I was so waiting for him to say like "no, Kate. That's not enough. You have to tell me you love me." lol
If the NJ Devils advance to the ECF in the #StanleyCupPlayoffs does that help or hurt the Red Wings chances at Parisee
We want to celebrate alumni in #PhxFocus. Email your most-recent accomplishments to .
Made it to 575 "likes" on FB. Now we just need that many followers on Twitter. Actually how about that many folks at a show? Better.
So I've got to grab the great roll of duct tape real quick. Only it can save this terrible calamity.
Twice? Wao! Did it loose some of it's excitement when you were there for a second time?
There's nothing that rewards me more than solving big problems and designing great products. Getting my head down and producing the goods!
Good luck!! RT : Am at city council mtg in Solana Beach. Agenda item B1 is an ordinance to ban plastic bags.
Supporting healthy behavior is important. We can do it online, but structural changes also need to be addressed
As much as I'm rooting for Santos, it certainly looked like Borges initiated that contact...
#Houston-area! Big-time sale coming up locally. How does .99 for HUGE #glutenfree or #vegan cookies sound?
UPDATE 1-Arizona towns at risk as wildfires hit U.S. Southwest
was awesome, what a voice and a love for Jesus.
oh. How comes? You can dm if u want your privacy. 😊
Lucky! Mine are eh... Haha and that is on the cool side. They are so embarrassing. I am like I don't know you in public. Lol (:
Lunch plans? Join us for a UK tailgate at Central Bank - downtown Lex. Burgers, dogs and more. Proceeds benefit United Way.
that's true! i should know!!!
Middle Finger anybody dats know down wit
:) RT : Just saw a bumper sticker in Central NY, thought of you
exactly I'm with u on that
only one more day of work this week!!... then the Christmas fun begins.....
have you ever tried pepadew peppers?! they are a blast of spicy sweet heaven. I bet you'd like them.
#fireiceexhibit Pop culture hurts facts but preserves the story. History is always legendized via story telling. Cool exhibit!
The robots.txt methods are now in testing
Google Alert - Katy Perry ~ Da 411 On... Katy Perry
Dang! I was excited there for a second! Lol Hope you're well. =)
hey next time I'm about to run an 80 yard touchdown don't run into me! do you remember that haha
Finally finished the invisible bridge by Julie Orringer. Where are my tissues?
hey if your with amanda tell her to check her phone!
Today was amazing
Thanks for signing up for ! It's going to be great!
NP! Had the same thoughts when I saw that list this AM.
we are playing tonight if you are still in town at the Hard Rock!
Going to get some tomorrow! :3
I used denver on #NBA2k12 las night for the 1st time....was killin it! Bout to hop online & whip some ass!
like adele she is fantastic! I love rolling in the deep its a song I would sing to my ex
thank you for following me back. Let spring begin
Love having free periodd
New friends , good.
what's that suppose to mean?
Check out my friend on tonight! Woot! Go, Khemali!
yea man...if you need a game early, we can get it....
With a prick upon my thumb, something wicked this way comes......
u the nigga singing the hook on welcome to H-Town?
I need to step up my tweeting game!
Visit blog.eol.org & use the "Questions, Requests & Feedback" link at the top to "nominate" taxa
Though inexperience showed, Randi Miller wins MMA debut with 3:27 3R TKO over Molly Estes in close fight.
Day three of Peter being sick... The poor boy is completely miserable. He has a pretty high temp. The dock says might be viral.
lmao no keep it (: it looks hot on you
RT : Educating faith-based communities about child abuse is so important to bringing it to an end! Thank you to the......
Thanks for being a cool spot to share on! :)
What the mind can conceive the mind can achieve...
thanks, Ryan although no one at the hospital knew WTF I was wearing, I have better fashion luck at Krogers!
is enjoying the gorgeous LA weather and getting thangs done ;-)
Glad u enjoyed! : ) RT : Great meeting Michelle of ! Got to thank her for the GF product I got from
Adam Jones, ladies and gentlemen
hey i am a huge fan of you and the hunger games. it would mean the world if you followed back, like no lie. =)
Ok what is going on on here with this whole fight??? #messysituation?
Patriots over the Saints? I know it's just one spot but I don't know if anyone can slow Drew Brees and that offense down.
Giants pitcher Madison Bumgarner is from a place nicknamed &#39;Bumtown&#39; almost a century ago
#FF Two great #Boston writers/journalists
Holy wow it is beautiful out right now.
Love Instapaper, but video/photo support and iPad layout make Pocket look a tad better. Any future plans for similar features?
On the bus, hoping desperately that it gets her to the car so she can make it back to the office before 6pm for meeting. *impatient*
Got my 3rd SAG voucher last night! Finally SAG eligible
interesting... Thanks for posting!
LET'S GET"READY TO RUMBLE" In this corner wearing blue (law dog) vs In this corner wearing red (radio disc jockey)
- if the Heat play to their potential no one can beat them. They need the support players to do well - Miller, Battier, etc.
you the S#$% and I love you, you badass!!!!
True friendship isn't about being there when it's convenient, it's about being there when it's not
Have a bless and productive day everyone - "We are not promise tomorrow, so make today a great day"
I had way to much sugar last night.
have a good week ladies!
I'm not trying to risk it
Marty and Nick Jr. Go to America
is that a joke?
Prosecutor: #Huguely "A 200 plus pound Div 1 lacrosse player grinding" Love's face into the floor.."isn't that malicious?"
First bike ride of the season: short (just from work to home) but sweet!
God sent me an angel.
Keep assaulting the wall.
#mm follow these illy bands!
#HesJustNotThatIntoYou was not that bad...
It's almost time to watch make it to #TheVoice Finale!!
mama i made it
But what about your husband??
YAY I don't have to pay to see Jim Gaffigan now!
We believe this stat. Too sad for words. RIP.
miss you too!
Meerkats over Bats
Still has pink eye. It won't go away!!!
the game made a career off it!
You've engaged 4 nannies in the last 6 months. All while wearing such fashion (red smoking jacket, flower appliqué house coat)
everyday 5 people post your slow jamz vid with on my FB feed. Nicely done!
I swyped my middle name and my phone recommended asian, anthem, sperm THEN Allan...fail
Tami tryin to forget her past
A new beginning....
I've been using Dropbox for a couple of years now. Unless something comes along and just destroys it I'll stick by its side.
your a sissy
My mom is getting so spoiled today! Shes so happy...
I got around to buying Gutenberg-Loved it! As an Ed technologist I love your concept of the slowness of realizing disruption.
I tell people all the time, don't go by the # on the scale and weight weekly- yet its still so hard to stay away haha
“: I can do all this through him who gives me strength. -Philippians 4:13”
up, really cute, this completely lost little girl, this little boy gathered up a bunch of candy and gave me some candy. I didn't understand
#F_O_L_L_O_W she's super cool
Need a new #timeline picture for #facebook. Any thoughts?
Years of painful soul searching,
Crispus Attucks was the first casualty of the American Revolutionary War –download- InSpotter app
Busy day for recall candidates for Gov. Falk, Barrett, and Walker all have events in Milwaukee today.
Ok here is my line I actually used being a blonde. I'm sorry officer, but my blinker fluid ran out and my boyfriend told me not to use th...
Fashion Fridays!!!! GM WORLD express yourself through your personal style today, try a new look, do somthing different.
ok well i can't direct msg u cause ur not followin me so u have to send me one:D
#MyBiggestProblem is staying up late to read everyone else's biggest problems.
America's Got Talent's and at the ACM Performance Lab (329 E Sheridan) tonight! Tickets available at the door.
Good job Jodie. I like the idea of keeping things fresh or rebranding. Your website looks good too.
Just learned of the return of a musical I've always wanted to see with my Mom. Time to plan a weekend in #NYC!
it sucks. a lot.
I want to hear Austin sing Let Me Love You live<33
shanna i love you so much, cant wait until the all girl sleepover thing.. welp your my sister and my best friend. cal me<3
I heard that when you hit the cap, Miz drops down from the stars to recruit you into an allstar intergalactic block dropping army.
If you took a shot each time Harbaugh was upset with officials in this game, you'd be dead.
where your not Jack...
Dear Self: GET OUT OF BED!
My hair got three shades blonder just from the sun here
At #actioncampsa Social Media for Nonprofits run by great volunteers. Thanks!
kittens for you.
Make a wish! ♥
Yes, that's because we're awesome. Next year will be better.
Wannabes nd in austin texuss off ur ass, douche!
Join our Irvington Green Initiative for All About Upcycling and find out how some local businesses are converting 'trash' to 'treasures'.
two under mentioned challenges of trying to do public archaeology by social media!
Think of the why you should! Not why you couldn't do it!
how did you memorize the speech?
Mia was in deep thought, so I asked her what she was thinkin about....her answer: Unicorns
How my dads buying me a bottle of peach ciroc
Gary Karton is a political speechwriter. Did he write Clinton's tortuous 1988 DNC speech or Buchanan's awful '92 RNC speech?
Day off to a great start strong black #coffee and watching - Good morning fellow #uppers !
-not trying to start shit or anything but how would the Boyz have lost when they had that many fans voting so many times-
time to back up everything on my drive
Well at least he got one cool follower,lol! as 4 the rest they gave me a good laugh
Still broke.
this is my first year trying these. I am actually looking to do some winter biking but have to see what locals do
what's up!
Y didn't I think of this while in HS? “: Is your mom a lunatic who won't let you date dudes until college? Become a lesbian!
follow back please(:
Cuse escapes. Phew
I'm reading through a Google doc they ended up with, and then I'll be blogging. I'll let you know.
Can't come to Iron Lady tonight at the FFL? We are playing it again on Friday the 11th at 2PM!
Big concert announcement at 5:03 on Did i mention free tickets before you can buy em!!
'BIEBS MEET LISA'
“: ((Ronnie)) your mom knows you love her. ...sad when you have visit UR Mom in a place with all strangers that are
See More WOW videos at - www.indiemoviemaking.com
(Ralph Waldo Emerson) Eloquence is the power to translate a truth into language perfectly intelligible to the person to whom you speak.
There's never a bad time for basketball
There are 2 (two) different types of corn syrup in the jam I just put on my airport bagel.
Why is that conservatives are against government big spending yet they don't want to do nothing against big corporations waists like bonuses
Arcade Bowling requires zen concentration and a sensual relationship with your iphone.
That is crazy! How you been, man??? Still playing on weekends somewhere? Need another man???
rep the sticker also 1 in each corner!
I'm still following u.
That means no texting/typing/tweeting. I can hear you.
There's nothing worse than giving bad news.
thanks! I want more traffic for them.
The music on today makes me feel like I'm back at a junior high canteen, without the awkward slow dance songs.
A lot of energy just went into locating the Sprinkles Cupcakes ATM. Thank goodness, we found it.
Its worst cuz when she with em she think of me but she won't leave cuz they in too deep
Being dead broke is the root of all evil -
Would live to be getting/givinh some head right now...
teamminaj is a bunch of airheads real squawk! I will defend any REAL female artist that is proven fact better den nicki
of course not!!! I'd love to work with Justin beiber!
Hot pot got me stuffed
Agh, my eyes and my throat hurts . & im fucking sleepy.
I love me some Fred Hoiberg! Isn't that also the alma mater of one Paul Shirley?
I have an order to get out #forgot I may b a lil late.
It's #PictureBookMonth @ #NYLA11 favorite is Anne Likes Red
I love this class!
Tough one for sure but a exciting game at the BC. Got to press on & finish the final 8 strong!
an old and trusted formula for success.:-)
How do I need a haircut again so soon?!
Happy New Year Aplin Family World Wide Anchorage, Unalaska, Fairbanks, Nome, Juneau
i'm guessing your doing a video for karate kid. And you have some song on there. Sound about right?
Ugh. So we've been taking these state mandated tests the last two days in school, and they're SO ANNOYING.
hi hun how r u today see u soon on #loyalsaturday xo
I think I have the best leg of all...I get to run over the famous 7 mile bridge at sunrise today!
It's that kind of talk that hurts your recruiting...
Retweet if your tired of the stupid DMs that say someone is saying bad things about you click here
Thanks for all the retweets everyone!
not a problem, lots of bandwagon chics out there. How r u wearing ur hair now?
Boy I'm loving u in those glasses lol. U know who u are!!!
I can help :-) www.prbynatalie.com lol “: Did you know that an average married couple makes love 98 times per year.”
He's in Gemstone. Not a good thing at all.
I need a drink.. #Billiedeewillams said #colt45 work everytime so im on my way..
RT : #RelationshipsRequire a good friendship. A bond that is everlasting.
Amos 7:6 That situation you are trying so hard to change... you can't; but God can! LET HIM!
OK, fine, sure - #ssrn is now working; no responses via twitter, but 2 via a listserv; long live Web 1.0!!!!!
Just realized #zombiemoms is a hash tag ha!.
still waiting for the day when will release more tour dates/ album release date .
[5 - 0] The Houston Astros scored against the Milwaukee Brewers in the top of the 4th inning. Houston Astros 5, Milwaukee Brewers 0
Haha u got a glass roof??
“Beauty and grace are performed whether or not we will or sense them. The least we can do is try to be there.” ~Annie Dillard
At doctors office what will he find this time
I love that Nanna is teaching the kids how to doorbell ditch lol
lol i made it too easy huh?
Good Friday!!!
I'm doing it wrong...in the bleachers at Chief Sealth HS watching soccer. Your plan sounds a lot warmer!
looks good
omg. stop. you're killing me.
Guy on the Q33 bus in NYC has a very nice looking 80's style Afro
RT : Slight change: off-the-grid check-ins still don't unlock Mayorships but will unlock badges (without tweeting them)
Quick thanks to in my vid today
Why would you joke about starving children in Ethiopia? That ish pissed me off
#LoganSquare is the place to be. There is a new occupation on town and everyones invited.
MT : UNCC #Jazz Combo performing now JazzArts #Music Stage @ the
Happy Hump Day to my friends and family of the east coast!!
You have a baby? Doesn't surprise me..
damn..your not lying about junk in the trunk..all this time never checked pics
relaxed and off to bed night :)
Getting even only stops your blessings.
": True friendship isn't about being there when it's convenient, it's about being there when it's not."
Our thoughts are with Virginia Tech
Like, three people today have told me that my hair is pretty :) Lovin' it!
OHMYGOSH. you have the BEST taste in guys. is so attractive.
John Travolta gets right to the point!
5am her and im full ofg stash
The old m and m connection!!! Go giants!
THIS! RT : Wearing white for
Update #icma11...waters st is the place for food and drinks!
BiTCHES WANNA LAY ME DOWN
"You've got the body, I've got the brain" - Freddy Kruger....Nightmare On Elm Street Marathon!
Day Two, #shrmnm2012 conference, starting off with Pamela Green, SPHR - great energy & timely info!!
Lifted first, then a run. I just finished a 1.03 mi run with a time of 10:42 with Nike+ GPS.
Thumbs up. RT Thought I was past petty, mean-spirited, irrational Miami Heat hating. Wasn't. Still satisfies.
Butterfly island
Im excited....
Happy Birthday Liz! Wishing you an amazing day! Xo
actually airs 2 weeks from saturday no? april 29th?
need an eye patch delivered to mcfaddens
Pretty nice seats for Mike T. at the bucco game.
#4famouswords I met someone else.
I like it
One reason that leads these people to not pay the ticket fee is the huge interest being added to it
agreed. life would have been so much easier.
The damn dog....It took me TWO YEARS to find the perfect gray suede pump...and now? poof. :-(
I love deep cleaning. It always makes my head feel so clear.
Never gonna meet austin and right when I was gonna buy tickets for his NYC concert he tweeted tickets are sold out </3
" you're like a miniature Buddha, covered with hair"
And you go right back to not texting back.
12-25-83 #Superdome Butch Reed and Jim Neidhart lose Mid South tag belts to Mr. Wrestling II and Magnum TA
I know but they do show the old classics. He was a sword fighter. tweetador matador . see what I mean now. haha
you look nice
Craziest week of the year, here I come
had a great weekend! Ventured to Chicago, saw the dinosaurs & the eyeball. What a great day to act like a tourist :)
tv needs a pay for stream solution, with ads for 1 dollar to stream.
If you have not been to Rasselas on Fillmore Street on a Thursday night you are missing a great hang!
Wilford Brimley is a former bodyguard of Howard Hughes.
lol so go eat
If you don't fight for what you want, don't cry for what you've lost.
#SuperBowl Come on Giants!! This is #SuperbowlXLVI !!!
What! Verlander is about to throw a No No?!!?!? Wow!!
I havent talked to you in like 4 days AND YOU DIDNT REPLY TO MY DM <> I Love you <> #CoriniNation gives you
This week's To Do List: get a massage, drive to SF, carb load, run marathon, hydrate, turn another year older, then take a week off.
There's almost nothing less interesting than fashion. Style and purpose, however? That's where there's something to work with.
As I close one chapter in my life, a new one opens with hope and promise...And I am ready!
27 for #linsanity last night..I might have to start watching the #Knicks again..
Pretty sure i bought out this morning. Cc:
Looking forward to it :)
-"i'll wow your married friends with stories of my sexy-life" -"oh see, when you said that i automatically assumed sex-life-past" -"oh thx"
come it's great!
major score!!!
One week from today! Do you have your tickets yet?
Thanks for checking out the review. I normally prefer something more full in strength, but I still enjoy it. Construction = Wow!
75% of employees who use a computer will suffer an eye or vision problem. remember to rest your eyes at work!
the 1st father's day with out my dad . i miss him
lick my lips honey boo boo child. It got chicken tetrazzini all over it !
If Capcom doesn't fix the Rolento Game Breaking Bug before CEO I would seriously consider banning Rolento. No other fix IMO.
In the end, we only regret the chances we didn't take, relationships we were afraid to have, and the decisions we waited too long to make.
“This place won't be here tomorrow, so let's tear it down tonight.” - Billy Gibbons
I messed up & I just want to take it back.
way you doing man?
Settin standards in my City
this type of joke can be considered sexual harassment if it makes some people uncomfortable. Not appropriate for work.
What am I doing driving in Nigeria? With a stick shift no less!
5am, me and Kirby at it again. Ball handling, post work, and shooting on the agenda for today. Let's go!
Too good.
a good day to you too
Cheating on a good girl is like throwing away a diamond and picking up a rock ~
Would've made more sense if tied to the Cat Tax. ;)
Thanks for the #FF mention! Your inflating my ego by putting me in the same tweet as and
Watching Eat Pray Love with my best friend. This is a really good movie!
I like it, but u can do more on FB. So have you defected from FB entirely?
Thank you to all our supporters. Even to our haters, we love you.
": you've struck out before. Thats an error." Everybody make fun of her
I'm thinking it's time for me to work on a play
we can hope so there seems to be a lot of resistance though
can you believe the Tebow chants? Those people are oblivious!
Did anyone find any good deals shopping today?
Going for the most interesting panda in the world, similar to the Dos Equis Man.
Selling a $10 ticket to #Harvey for Sunday night 7:30. Any takers? It's about a man and his best friend, a six feet tall bunny.
I BELIEBE YOU ALL BEST BE FOLLOWIN !! ;)
I haven't been able to find a j14 mag since 's birthday
You're a star in the face of the sky
we're on! I'll see you on the 20th
you hear "swag" "belieb" "supras" "purple" or "canada and automatically "justin" pops in your head :)
I think I'm gonna get back into twitter more.
me and are the only one tweeting #HU4L come on u guys don't give up!!!
If your success is not on your own terms, if it looks good to the world but does not feel good in your heart, it is not success at all.QM
Survived another week. Almost.
WHO'S HUNGRY FOR HALF PRICED TACOS?! IT'S TACO TUESDAY!!
Happy Friday to a few of my fav bloggers #FF cont'
thank you girl :)
thanks:) we would really appreciate it if you could get your friends to check us out also:)
Are you all live-streaming the #DontMessWithTXWomen rally by any chance?
are there pics of that?
Seeing yourself the way GOD sees you leads to a life of overwhelming victory!#winning!!!
lmao the ducks are everywhere! I was gonna take a picture but then it was staring at me so I decided not to lol
DITTO! “: The end of the school year has me busy, busy, busy! I haven't been able to tweet much lately! #lifeofateacher”
have fun! Sure u will, love Bic & Major too!
Well that makes sense, since Pitbull is an awful musician
"A better world by design" his dream in a project
Who dat? Is this Phil DURHAM?
Does everyone have goo Friday off? Roads are empty. No point of going to school
thanks for support, !
How has Spo not made his subs yet? Chalmers and haslem dont help at all
'Sup World.
Afternoon treat @ #kidscreen: getting to hear of Idiot Box talking about
Target has just as many thank you cards for Pet Sitters as for Teachers.
Psalm 138:6 Though the LORD is exalted, he looks kindly on the lowly; though lofty, he sees them from afar.
": Where my double Ds at where my C cups at lmao" Baby B's in the house!! XD
Hi Heidy. Thanks for the follow and here's a wave to you and your little one! Best wishes Stuart
Do you know what you bring to the table?
I do believe the agreement was when you hire staff from us!!! Let us know your size though, just in case ;)
i love all y'all... I miss you niggas to....
I think you should join me.
HOLY HSBDKCHBSJDY TALK ABOUT A TEASE
Eh? And don't you hate Naruto?
My major requires ONE math class, I don't think me being ONE point shy on ACT math should keep me from getting accepted. But that's just me.
This time my tire got blown out ...
I'm sorry. Why would you ever do that? There's a reason it's banned on 10 planets. ;D
finishing up an article about how to write a killer "elevator pitch"
Dine with us this weekend, #albuquerque, & enjoy our special, Chile Rellenos, & come in this Sun, & get half price bottles of wine. Cheers!
Im done with all yall
RT : Once a man texts you "huh?" that's a wrap
Sunburn. Mosquitos. Allergies.
you want to stick your chocolate in my blubber I have a deep itch Fireman Joe can't reach, while he Blockwalks you cockwalk.
&we get nothing 4 the n between the lines admission of a total system breakdown collapsing on our lives; my Spouse & I? What? What? BOOM
Sacramento, are you out there? I want to follow your tweets!
we're going to have to change your name to WODzilla!
Eating ice cream !!! yum:)
haha why don't you go to sleep!
Dammit why do I have to work at 6am every morning?!
#ThanksPaulForBabysittingOurHomosexuals <----Hahaha, I just laughed at this trend.
Tell me when ur home so I know to get on
said "..betcha by the end of the song you like me.." And she was right.
sleeping lol .... been so damn busy lately sleep has not been an option! Why what u up too??
What's stopping you?! RT : loved seeing Elisha @ OU today! still wishing I could go on every single Athena program!
Im fina add some things 2 my look!
hey guys (kendall) what up! What up!
Sunday plans? Good chance of rain - even so, great free event . . the annual La Mesa Antique Street Fair.. food, music, deals.
the Yankees... Jack-wagon!!!
america's looking forward to you :)
#followfriday? Thanks for the Twitter schooling :)
At least i can see my other one friday at EKU (a college)!
one of you should come today to Beth Johnson park. We will be marching against the war on woman from 12-5 pm
You know you're a nerd when your best friend leaves you a hurried, excited voicemail about the release of Wolfenstein 3D to the Internet.
Sorry, it will not. And we do not have permission to do a later podcast either. :(
haha yeah just try and enjoy it. I'll be up tomorrow! Hit me up
I love sucking a cum-coated cock that has just been in my ass then have the dude piss down my throat. That was dude #2 of the day. Need more
This one hurts, I'm overwhelmed with emotions
Fuck this. Im gonna do what I want. I dont give a shit what you think. #FuckYouBitch!
but yes, I am Fancy. You know that ;)
I don't understand why the broncos would trade Tebow, he is their starting RB...
Favorite Panel @ IFP today "Case Study: Tiny Furniture." Inspired by 's film itself & story of moving from student to SXSW star.
Eight scripts sitting on my desktop bright. Which will be the first in 2012 to get a green light?
How excited I was getting talking on the phone with & about this weekend >>>
...she goes extra hard!
How Did Angel Die? :( And iM So Sorry
good good! You?
Really hope when I go to game 5 I don't see the last game of the flyers season!!
I ruined everything today. Great.
I do think that is a great spot. But its also where I had my senior ball... Don't really want to relive high school memories. :)
Okay. So does Sova at 10am work on the 27th?
Love is a 4 letter word tht is use in the wrong ways so many times
100% yes. RT : Phelps lives on!!! Congratulations, Brady. Did you name him after the baseball card magazine?
Ryans makes me feel so much better either Tulloch/Lofton would have. But wait -- Tebow to NYJ and S. Payton suspended?
Holy fuck this guy is loud
Wow, can you post the report? Tks,
no waiting until it's done correctly? #Reidbill was only pushed cause his brick & mortar casino backers were pushing.
RT : RT : Be green while you spring clean this season! Check out these pet & Eco-friendly cleaning tips for your...
Many people don’t realize that interviews are two-way streets. Ask good questions to understand if the job is right for you.
I didn't get it.
Stay tuned for a Q&A w/ Tim Gunn in advance of his visit this weekend...
We about to go HAM on the escalator!
Brock half-off is not a great deal. have a look at these, 80% off...
today is a beautiful day can anyone agree
Studies show that when you have a buddy your are 7x more likely to stick to a fitness regemine!
I have a weird feeling about today :/
Kindness cops to this being their 8th show ever. "Steep learning curve."
that scared the crap out of me!
you think I'm pissed off now wait till that happens.
Hi!...I'm done being anti social
LOL! Since ur new to the app, you shld b OK. Just some finer points have been lost, but I'm sure they'll "fix" it again!
Sure!": my workouts aren't going well. Can't seem to get where I want to be. Wish had someone like u to guide me."
It actually takes my family 10 mins to get in the car, and 10 after that to actually leave. X
At the school in the gym hooping' w/ Mikey , Darius , Sean & Demorea. . ! TML
Downtown Reno - oh so sophisticated.
Excited about going to check out my man tonight in Creedmoor NC. Good music...Good vibe.
More projects & More work :)))))
Looking for an affordable way to make your home your dream home? Let us help you have the best looking house on the block!
RT : ALPHA by is “Pulse-pounding…Rucka mixes suspense & an alarmingly realistic plot with ease”...
On my way to school
Bob Filner looks a little crazy & defensive in going off script.
": Sleeping is nice. You forget about everything for a little while."
I would have more respect for Jon Bon Jovi if he was an analyst over Jon Barry
Thanks for the RTs hope we see you there :)
great morning toon
this is bullshit! I always text u back! Lemme check again and try to resend
Hey, I try! (I try to rock those Stones songs, too!)
You think you know a Muhhfucka...then BOOM!!! just like dat. . . . .
This dreary weather is wearing on me!!
it made for a lovely Monday!
just dont get mad or react , itll soon b over
Dude ass in this doctor's office staring hard as shit!
When someone loves you, the way they say your name is different. You know that your name is safe in their mouth.<3
Best idea to come out of Cville Yale Feb Club for Old People: let's convert abandoned Corner restaurant into a strip club.
Cole Hamels should tell the commissioner he was joking the first time. I bet they'd reverse the decision. It'd be his word against his word.
Is that in this Kindle Fire commercial?
WHY SO SERIOUS ?
Makeup and high heels are a plus, but a great smile and personality should be a must.
hahahahha don't worry :))
going to the ship huh? have fun at the ship dog
is that a boxer?!? I'm going to see my mom's 8 boxer puppies today!
Harold McGee is your man! On Food & Cooking is a book on basic food science & practical cooking techniques.
oh oh it's a disco call
This is the summer of the grind!
thanks man it's good to be back in Cali.
I can't wait for your new music! :)
Jim, thanks!
Was great Zane, thanks!
dream on
Thank you! We are so happy you enjoyed your Valentine's dinner with us. Have a great rest of your night!
lol I saw that. I was about to be pissed!
Theory: Favre claiming "anguish" to soften the backlash when he signs.
Follow-spree :P
200 on each blog. I only realized this when I had to edit them all!!
PHOTOWALK HERE IN AUSTIN, TEXAS THIS WEEK. Details on my wall.
Revere might be here but Emerald Lounge is on its way...excited to open our doors!
Listening to Guy's I Like got me back on task.
Forgive my ignorance, but can someone fill me in on what the hell the Met Gala is?
Hey ;P
Is it over yet, can I open my eyes? Is this as hard as it gets?
Within the hearts of men, loyalty and consideration are esteemed greater than success.
Someone in Chicago should open a #craftbeer bar/dog daycare combo.
you're crazy
I can't wait for the Sanctus real concert!!!(((:
follow me PSANDERS
Godda get thru problems today to see a brighter tomorrow.
Get your facts first, and then you can distort 'em as much as you please.
Exactly. That's why I worry. Many from blues states moving to TX for jobs.
RT You’ve got to be before you can do, and do before you can have. Zig Ziglar
No Meetings Tonight ... : ) .. but the next 4 days are packed with them -- Making this business run is no joke ! success is all i know
Just how bad is being arrested for assault and battery anyway?
Off for a meeting about an exciting project coming up this year!!
lol been there
and I have many things in common but most importantly of all we believe in breaking rules and abundant orgasms
Get down wicha bad self
Dear twitter followers in & around Monroe, GA. Please join Nice Guys DJ this Sat night at Amici. DJ/Lights/BigCityFeel all in your back yard
With the current challenges in WA state, was surprised to vote on such marginal issues today!
Got my graduation dress (:
ambiguously foul word of the day:
#Onthebrightside even though we been over, its kinda cute to know were still in love..
Good idea to brainstorm #mla13 session formats, Ppl here can chime in.
OMG that was soo passionate and I like cried a little. I want to come though the computer and hug you! Oh B he really hurt :(
Gotta try you guys out. RT : That's the #Flyfever!: : I can't believe that I love
oh wow! Congrats!
lol no lie, I was going thru my ties this week wondering where they all went, you, & each have 1 lol
Chilling with Obama.
Mayweather is so full of himself.
great match tonight... Damn right I paid to see Compton...fuck Ryder
guess i'll go pick up the laundry. i was hoping jim would be home soon so i could make him do it.
that's ok ... Would be funny in electronic radio voice :-)
THANK U..MUCH LOVE TO U ALWAYZ OLD FRIEND :)
emily does my lil bro hang with weird people
I watched the first 60min of 'Un coeur en hiver/A Heart in Winter' earlier. I can't wait to finish it later. Daniel Auteuil is so goode.
I know (; lol
Thank you, Lukas! MT: : Honored to have served up here in Green Bay.
RT ...of city leaders as they ask them to trust on Prop. D
Watching Courage the Cowardly Dog. <3
I miss my wife already.
Safeway, I really don't think mike's hard anything is a microbrew. No matter how you label it.
It's funny watching people try and make a machine work.. >.< lmao
quietly listening to #viennateng on my work computer. Looking forward to going to see her tonight!
Thanks, Keith!! We're fans as well. : )
Aight Ms. we get dis money I'ma bless you in to dis 2K12 ish....I hope you ready because Rose bout to hit 90 lol!
me too!
#RIPMCA - you were a big inspiration.
Overweight, anti-gay, unmarried. I mean its the most stuck record in the world.
BREAKING NEWS: Ron Paul will drop out of the GOP race. Rumors of his support for Mitt Romney to be revealed later.
blog post drafted! Unwilling to publish without trusted feedback first though. Thank you, good night.
Unless they're multiplying life lol
that's exactly it haha!
Give me a sign
We are in the theatre now, but have we mentioned how much we LOVED rehearsing at ?! Great spaces, great staff - check 'em out!
it wasn't so bad. I enjoyed the audience (like Lombardi). Different for broadway :-) cc
Aerosmith said it right. "I don't wanna close my eyes. I don't wanna fall asleep cause I'll miss you babe... & I don't wanna miss a thing "
WHAT IS AIR!???? I JUST SAW THE #GIRLSTALKIN BOUT VIDEO!!!
Congratulations ! DM us with UR info & we'll send U UR FREE Mango Pineapple Smoothie!
PickUpLine: Hello. I have sex on the first date. Do you?
I'm in love with a stripper.
Got a call from tech; says they are up a pole installing new line. I have been suggesting that since 2006!!! Believe it.
just met Jack Johnson, the musician, and he asked if i knew about nature deficit disorder!!!
Great choice - thanks for stopping in!
I love Robert Hurst's playing! You two together must be a real groovin-cymbal-throwing-machine!
Almost there! Anything fun planned while you're here?
I want one of those little blue & white check marks by my name
Had a great time at the NCPC Conference.
wow! That was quick. Hope you're starting to feel a little better.
I'm watching a dude put on George Washington make up.
Attn barefoot hipster assholes- i am going to start breaking glass bottles on the sidewalk. you are all on notice.
Funny how 2 guys talked about being the best at the table, of course I knocked them out and won the sit-n-go.
So thankful for this journey #LA #Blessed #Humbed can't do this without God
#youknowsomethingisnotquiterightwhen you have more tweets than followers.
So many Hispanic babies at this $1.50 screening of Paranormal Activity 3. Did I mention it's after 10pm?
settle down people relax for crying out loud
About to walk my pooch & listening to J.Lo's "On the floor" doing a few pushups! I know, she's a hot Latina! LOL...What you listening to??
from presenting for my #entrepreneurship class. Advice: "Don't believe anyone - stay true to yourself"
Airport run.
Congrats to all the founders in TechStars Cloud! We love all you guys, and had a blast going through the program with you.
It's hard being a jack of all trades & master of none when I sit in meetings with Masters who have not worked 2 master their craft.
Man I did bro #roscoeschickenandwaffles off the chain RT : Dont hurt yourself bro....lol!
I understand the caution; so far I've not seen evidence strong enough to doubt his word. He was touting it months ago.
I think I want to get to know her better..!?
Hey : RT : Check out charity taking off! Be sure to check out from benefiting
"Be yourself, be original" the best advice
Watching "Figure Father" on vimeo. Great story.
RT : Yoo I want to make more videos of them just hanging out ! :') Too funny !
Four old rich WhiteMale Christians will do their best to convince a multi ethnic, multi faith, multi class nation why they should be TopDog.
I'm not sure #CatchingFire needs someone like Cuaron...just someone competent who can learn from Ross' missteps.
I Wish Ya All a Happy Friendship day!
will be eating here tomorrow... first stop after hotel after arriving in NYC - madison sq. park
By opinion about Big Woods Brewing Company..great concept and would enjoy more if more spacious. Luckily ended up with a table on the patio
Dayton is chill but I should have gone to UCSB
off to the Clevleand library for the CFPB town hall meeting, which starts, gulp, in 4 minutes.
gotta run out and pick up some vermouth!
by the time I finish teaching, drive and park, i fear the tasting will be over.
follow me PLEASE. Id be sewww hoppyy.
That pretzel was so good.
Good morning
Thanks. Weird and nice. It's great never having to drive :)
Caught up on a bit of #reading: finished listening to Anansi Boys yesterday (extended my walk so I could finish it!) and loved it
Goodnight guyz!!! Conditioning starts next week for dance. (also on my birthday!!!) :D
If it takes a lot of words to say what you have in mind, give it more thought. ~Dennis Roth
Thanks for the invite. Just ate though.
How did you swing that?
Once I reactivate Facebook, I think I'm gonna deactivate texting on my phone. Just to see what it's like.
If you a real nigga you'll say it to my face
I can't imagine there's just one. What are the goals?
I checked out Learning without borders. I liked some of the links. I will definitely use some of the info next year.
Coming back home......
Good Fight!
I didn't! Hoping to see it this weekend. Did you?
thank you for the RT :) Have a great day!
I've used something different with each of my kids. I'd be interested to hear ppls faves too!
I really need a practice session from someone.
Final week of "The Radical Camera" Amazing exhibit. Look for an overview/review coming soon!
did you get your car fixed?
Rehearsal, SoHo with , and our grandparents come in today :)
Having to pee but waiting until the very last minute!
In Ross looking for old people clothes.
seriously still laughing · amy seeley, you've got jokes.
"I am a servant of the Secret Fire, wielder of the flame of Anor. YOU SHALL NOT PASS!" - my 3rd grade teacher.
Nice! I love finish the sentence games...ok here goes "I am..club f'ing footed ya asswipe"
DIamond got me dying laughing.
Yeah. Like...what kind of "poop" are you trying to get back into?
We R looking for EHR experts for a new referral opportunity. Please visit us #HIMSS10 booth #2311 email
John D and Chuckie B killed it in the booth session over rest time and eggs tomorrow
Debate set to resume on Canada’s F-35 fighter purchase
Not bad Darren RT : Maybe the Patriots will score 316 points.
Smh that #awkward moment when your neighbor comes over to drop plates off you open the door and he starts hitting on you :/
soo tired at work. should work on some music projects so I can stay awake.
Well I havnt been on here for a long time !
All of the collaboration tools in the world won't help if organizations won't bother to actually communicate to one another....
thanks bro. For the record, what you said on ESPN was spot on. No need to clarify or apologize. You are a true Lion.
Good night
Regular clouds > Super Moon
Half hour on the bike done... On to the tredmill
I hate fb because everytime i get online on an actual computer its always the same ppl online to chat. Don't wanna talk to you. lol
everyone has like edited photos and shit on twitter, my just a picture of me...
5 second violation - Tech ball
I got fired from Olive Garden because a lady asked if we had any specials & I pointed at a table of retards.
Thx for including me! :)
writing songs is easy, figuring out a tracklist for an album aint that easy
“: What are your plans after work tonight? #Trivia and Pint night starts at 7pm!” -celebrate Fat Tuesday with some brain tease!
super moon!!!!!
When this life is over, will u be proud of what u've done?
our favorite apps from #cleanweb are and TACO both powered by ! what were yours?
e! RT : Anna ( staffer) just finished the !!! We are so proud!
My cockles are getting really warm up here
ha. no, was going to challenge you to some words with friends but couldn't figure how to send a direct message from my ipad :)
my cat puked in the hall and all over the kitchen, #howamisupossedtogetfood?
Hi jensen
When will it be comingnfor us Insight customers? I feel robbed.
I hate school. Have I mentioned that I hate school? I'm so stressed out. gah!
Hubert Robert's four ruin portraits are immense. I wonder if they were inspired by real scenes. I'd like to think they were.
Want to go to SEE "The Artist" cuzz apparently no one talks!
Official news! We're expanding our #Broward presence! June 1st Friendman, Cohen, Taubman & Co. will join Kaufman, Rossin...
Lately it seems the only one retiring in America is Retirement itself.
Good luck tonight, Taylor.
I guess its cardboard and glitter cards this year.
Minor tho. RT : And my thanks to for not being too evil in convincing me I made an error. Yeah, I own my mistakes. ;-)
Before you open your mouth make sure you have a mind to back up all the things you say.
mangia special tonight is Lobster lollipos baby!
the school sent me home after 1st period, they told my dad there gonna kick me out....
Hey, thanks for the RT!
How do you spell Spring Break? T. H. E. I. S. I. S.
Grew up a screw up got introduced to the game and Fucken blew up
Just got another no. 1 in #Google for " #Microsoft #Exchange 2010 migration services".
just had 2 plates of fettucini, a butterfinger, nerds, an oatmeal cream pie and an m&m icecream sandwich
RT : Have an iPhone? Just search "happy hours" in the app store. It's a free app by GoTime. Seriously fantastic!
One day will follow me but that day is when pigs can fly! :( Never gonna get followed by Austin Mahone :( :( D:
Q1. I take a Health Supplement.
I love that they understand we are uncomfy or nervous, mine take good care of me an I don't stress going there every 6 months.
Ok Tweeps, does anyone know where to get a birthday cake made that has a photo on it? Freyboy2 wants one with a map of Middle Earth.
the great jambino
Success is not final, failure is not fatal. It is the courage to continue that counts. ~ Winston Churchill
He who digs a pit for others falls into it himself. - German Proverb
Feel free to email me Mika. Thx for following :)
you're probly right.
John Wall to Kentucky!!!! Can anyone say preseason #1?
ideas home business
Ohh great...there's a "kitten boom"...a surplus of sweet, soft, fuzzy, baby kittens in Seattle.
I just realized my mom is gonna be in a week!!!!!
im with you 100%!
Get the LED out.
thank you for taking such good care of us!
can you be more transparent? Is season 1 & 7 of Star Trek: TNG gone for ever or only a short while?
oh. That's on the northern end of the community. Is that still considered SW or West?
Gods blessing is recession proof.
Anyone have any suggestions for iPad apps that allow you to view, edit, etc. Google Docs?
HEEYY goo follow and check out their stuff c:
We need to follow faculty into online teaching domains and co-create with them. YES!!!
ha me to, maybe even some capture the flag
Hollywood icon & American "teen idol" I'll never forget. R.I.P.
#69Factsaboutme 21. I have two favorite followers.
If you want it.. And BELIEVE it is yours.. You CAN have it!!
#ThosePeople that don't keep their word!
What happened? 'Apparent lack of functionality?' Technical issues or otherwise?
Started it all? Are you a narrator for an ABC Family commercial?
How was the weekend?
Good luck, I hope you get it! Thanks again!
just had a great meeting with 16 Univ of Oregon students on alternative spring break in DC to learn more about
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 253
haha I wouldn't be surprised
The GMC Compilation album is going to be nasty!
Damn bra!! Where u find dat 1 at?! Send me an mp3 fam!!
hope everything's ok, David!
Ahh When Are you going to another Videoo:)<3
Royals looked good tonight! Next year is gonna be the year!
Sometimes I wish I had someone to call mine..</3
I wish Don Draper would say, "Let's go someplace darker" to me.
😔 tragic RT : dinner with the fam missing
lol Bmore u get 4 wings and fries usually with salt pepper and ketchup on everything
Got some memorabilia last night to take back to IU. Jersey
I hit the ground before, I'm not afraid of the fall!
"Humans are the only creatures on the planet who laugh.Hyenas make funny barks..." Have you gotten your giggles & grins today?
Get a (chat)room!
Weekend has been great. Getting ready for the week ahead. Hope you had a nice weekend!
There's a 3pack of available for only $20...a savings of 16% off normal price. Thanks to those who just ordered.
Anybody catch Mark Plotkin's "DC Get Made" commentary this morning? My homie got raw!!
thanks for the good times! Hawks win and fun times with friends!!
Ok Chris Brown that was dope staging. Really.
Cool. Let me know. Still in the Strip.
I love saved by the bell
happy early birthday!? 
“: umh why .?” I wanted to know if she was a virgin or not!
really proves their knowledge on being an adubber.
I see you doing it big! Good luck to you
Philly doesn't want you to leave either. “: Ugh. I don't want to move out of my apartment and move to Asia.”
Billy Williams Statue Dedication party happening at CMC, Billy, Ernie, Fergie Jenkins, Jesse Jackson, Randy Hundley, Glenn Beckert all here!
“: bitches hahahaha” I told u I'm koo off of fuckin hella bitches haha that's fa you pimps
lame. Come to the 561
but make sure you come out and support my sister she is also very talented she will be hosting dec 6 at webber's thanks:)
Thank you for all you do!
Bummer, I'm too late - Nice one :)
its really yummy actually!
Mom just told Roxi (dog), "This is why you don't have friends. You're so embarrassing." 5 mins earlier mom saw a snake, screamed & ran away.
I heard right, yes? That was an "O" from the crowd?
Offensive POY IS different. Alex Rodriguez in TX was best off plyr but not MVP because other players made their team better
San Diego has coolest July in 77 years. Where is Al Gore now?
Well, to be fair some of it he just thinks. It couldn't help but compare him a little to Adrien. Is that bad?
yeah, I was bummed to learn that it wasn't the one that I had hoped.
In "theory", yes
we enjoyed your films at El Cid WED night! Funny stuff!
Let's see those workout pics! Tweet them to for a chance to win a KoreFit gift! The winner will be announced on Friday!
So your fone is your baby ?
I hate Fasting
Yes, but it would be like me to forget >.< I'm studying material culture. The history of stuff! Including video games :)
I wnt to go to da zoo tomorrow
i hate twitter
lmfao omg look at ur asian high top fade w a creeper ass look on
Oklahoma I am in you. Checking off state number 48.
Recalling that time 12 mins ago that I wanted to sub Teal for Kei…
following sarah palin now
Thanks for the Juice!
Lower taxes, less government = freedom. Barela says, "you earn it, you keep it.
yes, and yours is really bad
Donna Summers and really look alike!
so the Ellen episode you were at is on today - are you on screen at all?
you guys rocked it, u fricken sounded great but the coach house was lame. In sd the hot blonde in the front is my sis!!!!
..there are cosequences for all.. even for puffed up blow fish whom think they are a legend in their own mind
hit up or he designed my site
sports business is awesome! Same passion here. Interested in anything related to this in the NYC area, moving there as of Friday :)
Twitter just told me I'm a wind bag....to be more cleaver. Go Pack Go!
check your dms(;
Brides, what are your skin care goals before your wedding?
Thx Ellyn! U need to come by and see her. :)
How are the Indians doing.
Great dinner in the beautiful city of Boston with wonderful people I work with.
“: Who has an iPhone?”~~~question is who doesnt?
To a man who has only a hammer in his tool kit, every problem looks like a nail. -African Proverb
you should put on there "thanks" and the twitter handles that donate
lol Breisha are you even fast?
Thnx! P.S. Welcome to :)
i will seriously loose all my composure if i meet you in july. seriously like you would make my summer.
RT : Look at the Laker haters....already saying OKC will beat us. Just keep letting Russ shoot. It'll be a series.
I used to practice how to C-Walk in my bedroom to Emenim. I'll take tater shaking to Ying Yang over that.
4 originals wrote praying for more and believing that "Jeremiah's Moment" may just have theirs.
always play to win
Packing up and getting ready for the last dinner all together with the fam in Hilton Head.
Thanks for spreading the word!
his are blue back and white. And cooll(: I like blue too
haha, I'm sure you're not terrible at all! Plus, practice makes perfect does truly apply to writing. :)
ikr !? Now im going shopping ! ^.<3
Go to your obituary./Words gather for confines.
I'm way beyond the frustration stage. $125 a month down the drain...never once offered compensation for my troubles
3 things: 1: Suggest us to yo friends. 2: What song should we push as our new single? 3: RIP Al Davis
Closing out the last of this iPhone app with a few Guiness'
who oh ok
if you DON'T know who Austin Mahone is go check him out & follow him! #YouWontRegretIt ❤
I love this song,it's amazing.
Carnival Special 199 PACK AND GO! for September
#Jericho..still one of my favorite wrestlers after all these years.
Some things r best left unsaid cuz if u do ur ass gon get in trouble.. but u know me I
I used to say that all the time.
No! I'm pretty sure I could hear them crying when I packed them away into my dad's storage facility last month.
I thought #realestate was supposed to be fun - four meetings tonight after work. Talk about a crazy monday.
- that, like, ANYWHERE in L.A. It sparked my mother and I talking about how big of a toolbox the guy is. Bonding time!
Apparently so, but it deals with a similar socio-political theme which is what I love about District 9.
Jus got home and i'm hungry, going straight to the cardboard
Of course!
Please follow us for even more reasons to make Globalnet Telecom your first choice, when you next review your business telecoms!
did someone say "hideous christmas sweater"?! RT I wanna find a hideous christmas sweater!!
Watching Luther (BBC) on Netflix. Idris Elba should be in more things.
Gonna be a fun week RT lol. Having little fun.
no. you're on vacation! lol... just asked cus this KDM/genesis site would all pick up and go to korea and just stop business.
Keep coughing those up Chris Paul. Atta boy.
Haven't really looked at Twitter in forever. Tumblr where it's at now. People on twitter used to be cool...
I thought you would get a kick out of that. Thanks for the bday wishes!
off to the #biztimes expo for the Expo After Hours....
Where exactly are you going?!
Question: Which US colleges or universities offer excellent programs in web design, web dev, or digital media?
Navigatin thru her eyes destination to her thighs
thank you! This is hard
You have a great day too!
you could note that it is, however, a composite of wavelengths both within & outside the visual range.
ahh but it, it misses you, my dear friend.
I'm so confused. Why won't you be going to the house parties? We will miss you </3 but how's it going?
personally, I liked it long.
WHY DIDN'T ANYONE TELL ME DIET DR. PEPPER TASTES MORE LIKE REGULAR DR. PEPPER?
I just finished a 2.00 mi run with a time of 17:19 with Nike+ GPS.
sometimes goodbye is a second chance...
"Management is efficiency in climbing the ladder of success." ~Stephen Covey-
there goes Arturo ;b
Also, my drawsomething name is the same as my Twitter handle. :D
I completely scrapped my previous story idea so this should be good! at 9 pm w . Hope to see you there !
u aren't bad!!! U r reallyGood!!! just keep playing and singing and ur dreams will come true btw ur pretty cute.
NBC cancelled "Law & Order:Los Angeles"? What's the deal? The show killed off Skeet Ulrich (for some stupid reason).....
Last day to register to vote for the May 14 primary is Monday, April 25.
Gaborik and Neil
yeah buddy
i feel like tanisha's cousin shouldnt be her maid of honor. i feel like she just a hater..
Flies. So many flies.
where did you get the love sac at?
how yu been?.
Anything is possible in this friendly Universe.
I swear the shit I say is way better than Dr. Phil & Montell someone get Oprah on the phone & tell her I'm on my way!
yeah yeah, i love you too.
I APOLOGIZE to all these Bitches but a nigga can't GET WIT CHA, Cuz this nigga be gettin CHEEZ like if I was takin PICTURES!
Scary how easy it would be to blow a month's worth of grocery money on fancy cheeses at Whole Foods.
Dwell as near as possible to the channel in which your life flows. -Henry David Thoreau
Looking forward to from speak about sales in the cloud at 1:30.
So great. Thanks so much for the heads up!
i just looked up my name on google the first thing that came up was my actual twitter scarryyyyyy
ever seen a dot on the wall and flinch cause u thought it was a bug.
Buying commercial publishers would be expensive. So is paying subscriptions So is equipping existing venues to deal with extra load
Good morning friends its gonna be a cooler day today! Hope everyone has a fantastic one! Hope to see you tomorrow 5-8
#NowPlaying - Don't Cry Your Heart Out
No, but I did convince him to take a short lunch and go home early!!! LOL! Meet you at Via SOON!
Yum! My building smells like grilled food and tator tots. Not the motivation I need to go running!
Going to see The Five Year Engagement with the curly head, Is this movie any good or should we see something else?
Great, gotta wake up at the crack of don to freaken take a practice SAT test, just the way I wanna spend my Saturday morning.....
great work!
yay! Thanks for doing that!!!
Amendment 1 is hurtful to all and helpful to none! I hope it doesn't pass...
lol -- just mean RT Tsonga needs a coach. Based that match, appointing Bellucci or Andreev would be an improvement on situation
hi i feel like i never talk to you annymooreee ! stop being a stranger and get your black ass back in my life.
The Captain just welcomed us to our flight to Denver, California. Pray for me.
Don't bunt BP don't bunt!!
Shredding party for your block, plan one today!!! (832)545-3949
Comment, Subscribe, Add me !! www.youtube.com/user/kaebelltunes
Pass legislation that makes the penalties for fraud count. New unit will hold accountable those mtg co that broke the law - Pres Obama
Thanks Dirk...and the exciting part is how many more are coming up in our family. What a joy!!!
At this point Tom Brady has thrown twice as many touchdowns than Tebow has completions.
lmao love you 💜😘
yea that was top of r/Nashville! Not a major subreddit but still.
,I hit followlimit ;(
Lol Your Not Having Kids Any Time soon !
Yeah some call timeouts some let the play go, some yell foul, some yell get back. RT : at the end of games?
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
Make sure you tweet at us and include #BellAFB to be included
We're so proud of our spring workshop series- contact us to find out more!
Hello Riverbend Retreat Center! Ready to rock with the Rhea's Mill students tonight!!!
Unlimited download access to over 100 Digital Resource Books. Less than $50 for #sschat crew. Please direct msg. me if you are interested.
I'm back on my game!!!!
Happy Valentines Day !
RT : The official Twitter ID & Hashtag of the SLA 2012 Annual Conference & INFO-EXPO is &
how did u know I needed one?
yes please
Thanks for the mention!! xo
you have been prolific lately
grow some nuts fagtron
well....my doors are locked at least....
#thingsIhateaboutfacebook - when a popular service, that costs me nothing, changes their own format without asking me.
In America in the early days of TV, advertisers would write stories around the use of their soap powder
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken ~ Oscar Wilde
And Max got into his private boat and said "Goodbye" #Maurice Sendak
Pregnant dog-shot-gives birth to healthy litter of puppies in 's hometown of Lacomb,OR.How vets saved the day. 11pm
I hope I get som sleep 2nite.btw u always pop in2 my dreams frm time 2 time.Seriously knock it off!dude its not funny lol jk XD
Pliny the Elder~ No mortal man moreover is wise at all moments.
#uknoyoughettowhen you say
get gortat out of here!!
Don't spend it all in one place.
Some people (who will remain nameless) do not appreciate eddie money.
"May we long share our odd, inanimate feast,/ And meet at last on the Cloudy River of the sky." ~ Li Bai via Arthur Waley
Today was a good day, until I got to volleyball.
“: "The only thing more expensive than a good developer is a bad developer"— via ”
I hope he smiles.
Headed to UNF to watch my oldest, Noah, compete in his 3rd triathlon. So proud of him. A great athlete, but a better young man.
Schools! Educators & students would love to have the Kindle Fire. With ongoing budget cuts in education - the price is right.
Driving by some town called Charlton in half an hour. you ever heard of it ?
So did #Obama just change his mind about gay marriage? Or did he realize it is election time?
Sadly no. But...you can add the #TaxiMagic app to any smart phone and book from your phone! Visit www.broadwaycab.com.
booked an interview with on Monday!
When it comes to professional speech services, Ms. Gibson at Speaking Successfully is a pro! www.speechandvoicecenter.com
This made me want to weep. Your words painted the most beautiful picture. I LOVE reading what you write, Lis. God is glorified.
Fourth of July preview.
you can tell hunh??
What are four hundred rabbits hopping backwards? A receding hare line.
it will always be my favorite song. always.
hahahaha omg can you tell bob im sorry?
most swimmers don't have jobs..but when they do, it's related to the swimming world.
You're awesome! Go you! The cake is a lie! etc.
Nice heads up play by Wieters to get in run down to allow to score.
hahaha good choice !
entertain ur self:do jumping jacks,eat a taco, say #she #sells #sea #shells #by #the #sea #shore 5 times!
Seeing some old friends
So nice outside, minus all the pollen covering my car. Should be a nice weekend to celebrate St. Patty's!
I need a new phone!!!!
thanks so much!!
I shall do what I want, when I want.
People seldom improve when they have no other model but themselves to copy.Oliver Goldsmith
After seeing that Steelers fake punt I'm gonna sign Daniel Sepulveda to compete for quarterback. We need another one.
Breaked it down in boat shoes and a cardigan. Couldn't help myself.
I could eat that humbow every day! And those ribs!! Delicious. Thx for your hospitality as always.
This must be the best #FF for Just found out the #kardashians follow her. It's also the worst day ever for her boyfriend.
lol don't go to sleep you go on your DM (:
You're very welcome!
Somewhere between all our laughs, long talks, stupid little talks, all our jokes... I fell..HARD
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage. ~ Anais Nin
Fort collins tomorrow! house party at 1208 stover st, I'll play when the sun goes down
Why did you changed?
Good.. Sorry I've been slackin on Twitter lol :P How are you??
Time to clean the apartment before parents come ugh
I drank three cups of coffee today and now I'm crashing. Feels kind of funky!
On the agenda for tonight upon returning home: catching up on the DVR and cuddling with the kitties and sleep =]
When I see a person with long legs, I want to hop on their back and tell them to take me to doyle.
ya this is all another language
For those of you coming down to the #LIW event, parking is in the lot on the west side of the field, and enter thru the admin entrance!
Hands down... Cafe Press, its the only place i will order french onion soup in the WORLD!
Indeed, it did!
Hey I love you booboo ^.^
whats your email i wana send you some of my music
And then I spilled beer all over the couch.
i would take u to race and ethnicity 101 but that would be the much. Lol
Ready to replace the windows in your home? Give us a call today!
bienvenue a Austin!
i am feeling mean, inconsiderate, and pushy right now.
Want FREE TICKETS to tomorrow's bout? RT and include a link to your Yelp profile, easy peasy! (2 pairs available... )
No. Haha I just like Gold Coast bc Cody is from there(:
I'll send it 2 you hold on
its real short. I look like kyle jones statue
I wanna go home now
how are ya?
No you are not........and shame on anyone who would say you are a lousy friend hon...
Too tired to finish this beat but im goin to anyway
is in need of 2 Project Engineers...one mechanical and one electrical for the Philips in the Pittsburgh area. Anyone interested in hearing …
a great way to win the argument (sic) sarcasm & pun intended RT : Climate Alarmist Calls For Burning Down Skeptics' Homes...
.. and, has just released a new album.. trying to find a link to it..
i hear ya!
practice what you preach!
Mainly just to hear her say things like "interact-shown" and "user experi-ounce."
kroy biermann he plays for the Atlanta falcons <3
Reminder: Everything you think is important really isn't and you're going to die someday.
haha love it! Yes to lunch. It would be great to catch up!
Awhhhh yeah! Won my last game. 3-2. Scored two. <3 ill miss you guys next year:( Well, i wish u would wake up!!!!!
#RyanKennedy Be strong Ryan. You have people in your corner.
You know that on the other side there is nothing but distruction.
My mom the only person that says "alright you gonna need me for somethin" when you don't do what she want
Nail time!! Much needed :-) pic to come!
Thanks Tony! You too :) RT : Happy Saturday to you!
you're lame dummy head
Those "occupying" today need to get a job, a shave, and a shower. They might add getting a life too.
Lately I never feel like I have a wknd, I stay on the #grind. Luckily I like what I do :-)
good night world
the time went by so fast today.
: For every situation... there's a song."
just heard next weeks funday monday topic and I slammed my fist on my desk in a fit of joy and scared myself. Can't wait <:
Too damn early
(TONITE) WE LIVE @ THE VAULT 4 THE GRADUATION EDITION OF VIP SATURDAYS... GRADS FREE ALL NITE- LADIES & GREEKS FREE TIL 12AM
I can't find my red lipstick fml
That was cute
#MBA Applicants, reply 1st to the upcoming trivia Q & you could win a School Guide to McCombs! Please note, players can only win once.
this is just damn embarrassing. i dont think its worth it.
Awesome, what tool did you end up using for it?
Fact: followers before "the tweet": 70,486. 36 hours later: 78.261. 10% increase for those keeping score.
Things are clearing up after the motorcycle ride... Big-I backup is clear per our camera.
When she's sick but you can't do anything to help<<<:(
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO EVERYBODY WHO BIRTHDAY IS TODAY
Let's do this! Morning Monday!
What harm in drinking can there be, Since punch and life so well agree? ~ Thomas Blacklock
get his hair cut with a razor for a 3-D effect on the week ends
I Loves The Music ♥ ♫
Why is this guy talking?
no here there not there there
Lol yes BEAT LA! BEAT LA!
Thanks for the follow! You're awesome! :D
PROLLY GONNA MAKE A NEW TWITTER CUZ THIS ONE IS SPAMMING EVERYONE SOO HOPE U ALL FOLLOW MY NEW ONE ONCE I FIGURE OUT A NAME 4 IT LOL
Hope you enjoyed your weekend, too!
No problem. You deserve it. I had 5wristbands that I gave out +cards but there are at least 20 others who now want bracelets. :P
We're really settling in to our new home in ! Pictures to come soon!
We're headed to the for a tour and then the game tonight!
pretty cool so far. Can't wait for dinner and sleep tonight.
I woke up this morning to my family singing and breakfast being made! I love having them in town!
I don't know but someone promised me there would be donuts...
My pleasure! Yes I do. Happy Friday to you too :-)
Halftime show is always a desperation attempt for entertainment!! Any idea for the show ??
Don't forget to be the way you are
Ooh...spam number that calls my cell phone AND leaves a message!--which is 2 min of silence. Well played, evil.
This is my chance to get a nap!
Tomatoes warm from the garden, basil right off the plant, fresh eggs and butter=breakfast. Eat your view.
I'm so excited. My wife is going to be home for the next week and a lot closer for the entire summer!!!
Damn anotha broken heart
Lebron got engaged? At least his wife will get a ring.
that's what I thought
Did you decide on matte or gloss lamination?
Oh shit I get paid tmaw n Friday just called :)
“: Real friends don't get offended when you insult them. They smile and call you something even more offensive.”
Thanks for the follow back! Can't wait to visit the shop next time we're in Carroll Gardens :)
If you love me, love me unconditional Future
Prevent Blindness America would like to wish you a very merry Christmas and happy holidays!
Haha, I don't think we've ever met IRL, but I'm a huge fan of her #springpad notebooks! cc:
I should receive the office metal of honor for today & it's not even 9:30 yet. Hell of a day. Any1 with some words of wisdom for a long day.
Thank you to our new followers!
Is home on a Saturday night watching star trek. I'm either awesome or lame. Nah, I'm awesome. :)
Thanks for the add:)! Wishing you
Very well then. “: - *convey "no" headshake*”
you deliver since I'm on my couch watching the Masters :)
Mitch, we're quite delighted to be part of your community.
Wow... can it get any busier! #notcomplaning. makes for a fast day.
she's an angel...when she's sleeping. :)
#CNN U.S. and international intelligence agencies have broken up an attempt to blow up a U.S.-bound jetliner-U.S. counterterrorism official
RT : Another successful night
any friend of is a friend of ours. love that big lug, we're old pals from ohio.
RT If you want to be inspired to perform, watch documentaries and old footage of James Brown. He had it down to a science.
Just wrapped all my christmas gifts with recycled ribbon from the wedding. :)
Just made the WORST PR mistake that can be made. Terrible mood, but trying my best to move on.
Less than 75 hours to go Char. See you bright and early at 9:30am Sat. First liquid noise maker/enhancer on me...hahaha.
I just think I get them right when I'm singing and then I realize I don't lol
Last 2 days of 5 week at Berklee! Awesome hang. The students were wonderful!
If anyone didn't already know, is wonderful.
So happy to be in the F-L. Have I ever mentioned how much I love the South?
Also, turns 40 this year. Soon it'll start dating a hot young Clear Channel station.
You free tonight? Want to come over and watch some movies or something?
If u think about its crazy how people know how to roll blunts but no one knows who was the first to roll a blunt who taunt that nigga?
Is he playing games with your heart? :)
SO SHE SHOULD STILL KNOW HES A SMART ASS ANYWAY SHE THINKS SHES GROWN
I will in a month when I turn 17 :D
He did SF just as he was falling asleep! Dad snoring now, kid still kicking.
yea thats how it always end up.. Smh
yay! Thx! Hope my abbreviations made sense! How old before starting? He's 4 mos 1 wk now
The king of curls there is no higher! " happy birthday !!! "
swim fast today, avon boys! you guys had an amazing prelims, so finish even stronger! go get 'em!
last night was mad real
your site! We have a lot in common. Where do you live and do you do consultations?
There's a link on that blog to the Twitter chat room -- you can see the interaction on it but tweets will go live on your profile.
If you're not following you should just quit twitter.
Location 3, Clue 2: They say you can see the forest through the trees But we’ve always wondered what the heck does that mean?
Lets Go Birds!
and our server is inaccessible. awesome.
I like broccoli I just choose not to eat it :)
Im at Therapy - great eats and good drinks! 348 W 52nd St.
OKAY I GOT ALL Y'ALL
Who do you think you are? Running round leaving scars.. collecting your har of hearts and tearing love apart
your hair is FABBBBBBBB
“: Is there a way that I can set the vacation responder on my email to a fart noise?” Have you tried to attach a .wav file?
The Government & Nonprofit EXPO is today! 10:00AM - 3:00PM in the GU Hotel & Conference Center! Don't forget your GOCards & Resumes!
Uh oh. What page are you on, and what device & browser?
Luv hearing #gopackgo in the "H"
Goin to the T Shirt Shop to meet with with my team !
Cool phone just stop working I don't mind
as long as you're in the game, username is not important, but glad your with us #redsoxnation folks to support the team.
here we go haha i asked how you heard of our video XD
basically hot dog slices in ketchup (not the american kind) with curry sprinkled on top.
Not who i thought you were.
We text 24/7, but when we meet it's so awkward.
99 problems just came on your music thing and i have to say beezy is still about 98 of mine the other is you aren't home so..
RIP Beard...
I need a office away from my office.
Join the conversation with hash tag #innotechatx “: What is the hash for this week's events?”
she will I promise you baby
give us details when you have them! I want to show up lol.
Froze my ass off for 16 innings and we lost......
Just met the dude responsible for setting up bass nectars videos. I guess bass nectar is going to be utilizing my old motu.
what do you think of mosquitos?
#np High Regard - The Story So Far
Listening to home version of Maximum Power Reading today. How fast can I read? We'll find out.
i want my braces off already omg
you know it :D
:( Mean postal service, didn't they see FRAGILE written all over?! Hah.
Loving Obreht's The Tiger's Wife - thanks for the great recommendation last week as I was browsing.
Black shades, I'm fly as hell Two Spanish bitches wid me and they fly as well,-
RT : Last U.S. troops out of
I love you more!
Spoke with someone today who told me advertising is dying and that no agencies in DC are growing... just a tad bit skeptical on that one
Getting down and dirty with Set Top Box Audience Viewing Data
I need to get out of this house already
drink drink, drink some water. #watercheck #starting early today
Tax rate inequity. That's REAL class warfare!
among other things.....
yea right
Only a couple more hours until #PersonOfInterest's season finale.
You was talkin sh#t...Until we were face2face....
": Guess I got my swagga back!! #coachellalive"
The chips and soda underneath really cap off the shot
Ten’s favorite quote: Mark Twain on Wagner’s music: It’s not as bad as it sounds
well, : suggested videos of #indiana's breweries - I like that idea
Usability session starting now. Hoping for some nuts and bolts, not just broad overview.
Jak II was just a big change from Jak and Daxter, I didn't like it.
no it's not I was in a really pissy mood and I was just taking it out on u ur not a jerk your the complete opposite srry
I've spent the past year with my best friend, I am truly blessed that he is all mine. Happy Anniversary babe
reach us at please do not spam
#10ThingsIWantToHappen get through #lawschool without committing a major felony
#Visual #Designers - want to be the first creative for a small & quickly growing SF #startup? Web Apps are the key!
I like your face. It's quite nice. Okay, goodbye. xx
and are just too perfect.
i missed my old icon<3
A friend of mine did a wine/choc pairing at a choc shop a few years ago, said it was amazing. Hope you do it and post pix.
I'm going to marry my dog. Or Jeremiah. Whichever wants me more.
Post-Eire-move convos with were pleasantly confusing for me. "Wait, when did we start agreeing on all this stuff?"
good now follow me on instagram ;)
Welcome to new followers:
English is Dayana's 2nd lauguage! c'mon now : Ivanka even had a hard time not laughing at "I've never called you a word" Ha ha
What's with La Plata, #Maryland? They get the worst weather in the area every time.
You're right! We can have a contest! Would love to see Anna spitting out seeds on Ball Circle!
16 when auditioned, 16 when called back, 16 when got the part, 16 when told i cant do the part because i am 16.
will make you a dirty sully next time if you bring the olive juice
You guys did a great job! The students are lucky to have such awesome alums! :)
Please hold hearing & vote on HR 2885. 7 million illegal aliens in non-ag jobs. 20 million Americans need job
Excuse me miss, but sexy can I?
Super Bowl = Gross
You have made an excellent point.
Ah. Well good luck!
my dreams make no sense
saw u today.....(i looked like a big sheet)
RIP Irvin Kershner. Empire Strikes Back is still the best of all the #StarWars films.
Solar flares!
HPT uses instructional technologies to improve the performance of individuals, staying closely aligned with organizational goals.
Thinking about you! Are you halfway across the country yet? I can't wait to hear about your new job!
play bob & slim thug so high please ASAP
nah you wish;P
Foggy day at the Capitol w/ Marie, , Liz, and Zach. Finishing up Oly tapes for
New CandySwipe game comment in the android market "I love this game!!!!! It's very addictive!!!!" by Angela
"We'll make some s'mores, man!"
damn it! If I didn't get a phone I would have totally gotten one!
just make eye contact, he's prolly on the dl anyways
oh jeez, cool, i looked, fTags are a whole site, collection point for that topic, do I understand? arrrhhhgg...
no. thank you! Your constant support means so much to us!
im so happy and not
gosh we were just talking on the phone and ur so mean im fina talk to christian
Pride and Prejudice, the Web Diary Edition - TIME
While i am definitely a wine & vodka girl (although not together lol), i really enjoyed our Tequila 101 tasting!
I should upload this mad ass Bitch; lmbo that would be mean though
What the?? What are the odds of that happening haha
dnt make fun of my disablities lol howw am i typing this if i cant read omg its a miracle
I think you are more likely to be effective if you view students and parents as customers you want to satisfy.
Special thanks for for making me crave #tacobell while trying to concentrate on my work....
. A 4 y/o's ability to become a 5 y/o ought not depend on #BoA lending practices. #MTR & Lending to coal companies must END
Why are there so many haters get your weight up then holla at me.Bitch
I'm about to let this dude have it. That's exactly why I'm not nice to people
Going to bed. Good night! Turning on my high school musical night light.
Just a trill young nigga mayne .
My thoughts and prayers are with my sister and her Sigma Kappa sisters. Never take life for granted.
Congrats on joining the Saints and wearing your dad's number !!!! Big Daddy
Game 7, All or Nothing.
tHATS WSUP iLL CHECK HIM OUT :)
Special thanks to who killed it..btw! Very humble, down to earth chick! Thanks to those who came out & supported her!
cracked the screen on my iPhone 4, tgod for nice people who give me free ones.... LOVE APPLE LOVE LOVE APPLE
Thanks for the follow! I love the name so I'll follow you too :)
Good morning(:
think ima go to the tracks in a few
I don't find cigarettes addicting, so I don't believe anyone has an excuse to not be able to quit smoking other than them not wanting to.
No, I probably should. I figured out it's allergies. But I'm having chest pains and earaches. It sucks.
Thank you for the wonderful card! That was so nice.
Thanks to mayday parade, i still am unable to hear out of my ear... :/ this is bad... Lol
I'm the type to compliment a girl out the blue, just because :)
Be sure to check out the interview oh Mike McBain on KOMP Las Vegas 630 to 700 am tomorrow. He will be talking about the Hoka Hey.
Sag Actor available if needed for your projects
I feel like weight watchers for men would be more useful to me than the normal chick version given the amount of beer & bar food I consume..
you've got a lot of choices. If getting out of bed in the morning is a chore and you're not smiling on a regular basis, try another choice
#musicmonday Shut It Down - Pitbull, "Can't nothing hold me down, I'm gonna touch the sky"
The 2 lovely human beings Alex and Jack on Punk'd 😍
wishes everyone a very good nite #Smiles & #Hugs & #Love Yah's
Power flows like energy. Violence is a feedback loop.
Did you know Global Elements sells FB marketing packages?We help small businesses get on FB and find their customers.
SMH~ totally not interested in shopping for this. NOT...sigh...could have sold my things instead-or gave to appreciated party.
UGH, people who saw avengers opening weekend and not know who thanos is makes me ROLL MY EYES IN DISGUST.
People sleeping on Dunkmans. Not that i give a shit but i been gettin compliments all day on em
i wish i had friends to go on a walk with me .
i might love you again.
lol made candy n its delicious=]
Emilie Management signs up under Lightyear Wireless and Telecommunications
i love you followers [: ~Dannah
i kept thinkin bout almost everyday . i know your disappointed wit me and mad towards me, im sorry once again bby ): i love you so much !
haha that's cool
Reading Acoustic Rooster @ Barnes and Noble in Reston, VA at 2pm. Come hear some jazz, get some cake, and meet "Ella Finchgerald." YEAH
Anyone want to play wwf? Need someone that will give me a challenge.
Austin I love you you look sexy without brakes are the best I love you! ♥ (:
Looking for ways to motivate "temp" hires in new hire training. I had a sleeper last week...have never had that happen before!
Out looking for his mind. RT : Where's Theron?
it's all good (;
So you're leaving at 5 today?
Excited for all the great events this week at Wisconsin Book Festival www.wisconsinbookfestival.org
Quote of the Day - LOL! RT : #nptech IT is like a box of kitty litter. Most staff don't think about it until it stinks!
Congrats! What discipline?
guess what the doc said?
nope not yet
no one has been on this account lately. SO HI. this is hannah btw. my butt hurts really bad from running.
having poignant thoughts in my medicated dreams today, maybe.
Bailed out Government Motors now to build Cadillacs in... China. Yup.
Our Spring Dinner Dance begins in less than one hour! Stay tuned for live tweets covering the dinner and auction.
DOES THIS GET YOUR ATTENTION!?!? GOODNIGHT! I LOVE YOU!!!<3
I know. And it that game vs the Reds was just sick. Seriously like a Steelers playoff game at PNC.
Attention all haters please proceed to the nearest tallest roof and proceed to take the fast way down...head first please. That is all.
Happy Birthday to JustAskBoo! Thank you, JABBERS, for all you do to help each other so much each day.
UGH I need to know who wins HOH
This weekend is awesome for sports- Olympic canoe/kayak trials , Presby Criterium uptown & 2 local cycling races in Dilworth & NoDa!
yeah good luck with that ;)
ouch! I'm sorry to hear that.
And Genius will add Wiz Khalifa to this playlist but not Guilty Simpson? I would make my own playlist, but that's just too time consuming
Thanks for the tweet, Tracy! We're getting excited for National Walking Day next week!
It's so attractive when guys actually have high morals and standards for women these days. Very rare though.
Loving my life
THAT needs to change!
yaaaaaay! i have mucho experience babysitting newborns, FYI. just saying. ok bye. xo
So has a #Pirates tickets giveaway going on. Follow them and get your favorite #PiratesMemories together.
#MySecondWishFor2012 is for to either RT this or follow me.... Because its 6:27 am and i havent slept and yea(:
Keep spreading the word! thx! RT : Here's a deal that rocks - 5 classes for $29 + support youth changing...
#imisswhen Twitter was all about conversations and connecting. Now, all I see are spambots with tweets that are automated!
President declaring martial law....dispatching the National Guard....
Thanks for the props! I always appreciate client testimonials.
I'm hearing #ABC's #TheBachelor will be holding a casting call in #Baltimore this summer..stay tuned!
great round today! I know you got #three more in ya. Sleep by the light of #Sang-Moon tonight, #PlayLikeAChampion tmrw!
Thanks for supporting #BookPeopleUnite!
I am no #ManU fan. Can't stand 'em. But if they and #MCFC tied at end of regular season, why goals tiebreaker, and not playoff?
Like to shout out to my girl for being extremely hard working. Congrats on this weekend
I'm proud to represent the Coots of America.
"call His Name... O Lord Jesus"....
#ChakaKhan singing Ella's signature "Them There Eyes" #jazzday, the link for the webcast is on our fb page
hopefully memorial day weekend I'll be there
I am planning on using Google Sites in a Web 2.0 class for 7/8 grade students. Will have them create a site maybe in a group.
ya FOX has started sending their wardrobe consultant who works their other sports properties. She is da bomb.
Carl Barks was fantastic. I love his Disney artwork.
you dick
u r welc)
RT : thanks for coming coming out to the game. loved the blow up cutout. NP I see you guys at Regionals or Round 1
Design Beyond Objects: A Guide to Making Stuff, Without Focusing on the Stuff - The Atlantic
oh yes. I saw this late last week. In.
Are You Doing Your #1 Job as an Entrepreneur Your skills as an entrepreneur can make the difference between a booming enterprise and clos
Good nite folks
It was great to talk to many of you at the Perform Better Summit over the weekend. Happy fitness to all of you!
thanks and please tell your friends! We have a new winter drink menu too
Thanks for keeping #Cedarville updated on Twitter, ladies! How did chapel go?
why ashley aint hit my phone?
Ah shit, I fucking knew it :D
Agreed. And he's THREE! Ew!
Thanks for the retweet of The Arts Fuse Classical Picks for May
At the recylcing place turning in all the parts I replaced on our cars this summer. Cleaned out Mom's shed;recycling stuff the mice left.
glad ya liked it! be on the lookout for the release June 4th now releasing on Beatport!
Michelle's article is amazing re: fitness!!
way to much! Shes getting to close to me! Lol
MT : Bmore designers & developers stop by #WebSlam at U of B tomorrow 9-5 to give HS students advice and mentoring!
That field trip last night was fun though (: definitely worth it !
i say we should rest folks in 2nd half #saints, #atlanta up 21-0 on
Elbow elbow, wrist wrist, touch the pearls, blow a kiss! #royalwave back :)
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tomarow's show? ;)..
": When a black person tell you they around the corner they really 10 mins away" half way there means they didn't leave yet
Bet she was a cool lady.
You're welcome! Have a good weekend!
What do you grok?
Dangg twitter! Stop being so interesting, i have to wake up early tomorrow! Aha
Look this week for highlights of the Men's coaching staff! Today its, Peter Mullenbach Biography - Seattle University Redhawks...
It's a world event!! RT : Russia had Cosmonauts Day.
Cubs taking early $$$ vs Carpenter
#thevoice Christina Millian doing her thing! What's her loser baby daddy name again oh yeah nobody!
yeah I had to get a pic with her...I never realized we are the same height
You're welcome. RT : the subbing for the is working nicely in a pinch.
2 more days in counting till I get it in......
Talking to Jared about how bad my septum piercing is going to hurt...yippee! xD
Book club next meeting this Thursday, Nov 18, 6 pm. We are reading "Them" by Joyce Carol Oates. Elizabeth Evans will lead this discussion.
My mom : who is this lil wing you listen too? LMFAO!
Watching our three-year-old dance along wirh Mary Poppins. Who needs cable?
no problem - than you for the eaves :)
Haha, funny because I have never gone 0-2. Let's #gotoschool to #learnmath before we play videogames, shall we? Also, 1v1?
ya I'm pretty sure it is - glad to see her back in the socialite scene!
Which location did you go to?
I'm always open for collabs whenever u ready let me know
That girl is my heart like foreal <3
Sorry again about the hitches in the website update. I've been told the changes will be made Monday.
Ehmagawd, thanks! I j'adore your's!
haha I love that.
I KNOW! LOL. That's what I mean! I'm all OKC. Haha.
dont wanna revisit it in a few
I told my youngest daughter, "Dont be a smart mouth." Her response, "E=MCsquared." Smh lol! God, I love my kids! :-D
So I guess the good thing about living in a hurricane zone is that I can report on it?
omg yes
Last night's show in Green Lake was a lot of fun, but I'm really looking forward to playing tonight at one of my favorites: Luna on Vashon.
Just finished A Dance With Dragons, hope the next arrives soon. Now back to dystopian futures.
and GI too won both in Houston and Oklahoma a few weeks ago
I was excited to find you, but seeing that you have 49k followers, I'm feeling less special!
Can you please follow me (:
One of the stunt guys on The Hangover 2 is suing Warner Brothers for a stunt gone bad. I wonder if it has anything to do with the monkey.
I loved BET Uncut & In living color :)
Our office manager is regulating the candy bowl. For every piece of candy i eat, i have to run a lap around the office or tweet about it.
“: I'm reading that stupid book 50 Shades of Grey and its not about Jennifer Grey and I hate it.” brilliant
Arguing with my dad over text. Ohmaigosh. LMFAO. We go off on eachother...
If you are a small business with orders to fill as well as invoices to leverage, factoring may be the way to obtain capital.
My yahoo account did that a few months ago. I had to go through and change every password on all my accounts...
Good to hear.
waiting 15 minutes for delivery MT: "#Taurus see the benefits of short term suffering for a long-term gain. A unique feature of the Bull."
Do the Humpty Hump! It's Hump day, Day 3 of the Coyote Tour. Let's see where our adventure leads us!
I love taking cute family portraits with a family that has a good sense of humor. :)
THATS AWESOME!!!!! :) this school year for me is gonna be ok, marci is good, but just seeing Natalie gossip about crap it hurts
and they arent gay i think YOU ARE
sorry we didn't see you when we were in town. We barely even made it to our NYE party b4 midnight! Hope u had a great night!
Cause your my bad habbit and I'm quiting yoouu (;
Just put my hair down....its a curly stiff mess J.K.J + C.B.N = <3 ...Always&4Ev
I am going to try Rocca delle Macie 2006 Chianti Riserva - this was a gift from a friend of mine. Will let you know what I think
Hey you.. Looking for professional business cards? Contact us today. 500 business cards & design for $80 Contact us for Info | 4074864387
oh stop it :p lol
Had a fantastic day in breck playing beer pong and hanging out with interns at the cabin!
yo con laura :D
Oh I know, I'm not picking a fight LOL. I enjoy intelligent argument. (:
Be on the lookout for a VIP ticket contest around 3pm today, run by our friend ! We'll post more info then.
I have a lot of links and references for Social Media Network analysis. Email me!
i like the show tanked they make the best tanks
OOPS I mean 10:30pm, coming up, on LIVE on KIRO 7
You seem to be DMing all my friends, but haven't got any from you. All I want is for you to say that you love me♥
We are too!!!
- just gave shout out to Minneapolis for having a public #arts fund. Woot woot
I'm so tired I could eat a horse.
happy to help in any way I can. Just let me know.
Just got back from lunch with my son Joey! It was good to spend time with him alone....
did u do the big chop?
help us out. give us some names so we can try to get over there!
I love Wiz and Mac and I'm on the hardcore side of music...
well that sounds epic, i had a slightly similar dream about me having a magic cane lol
The Buck eh? Sounds like a good time. And maybe the western theme would cure a certain degree of homesickness for AZ
today seems like a good day :D
You're a good dude Mark.
so secretive
Don't u hate it when ur in a public bathroom and the person next to u starts talking to u?!
So my grandma just got a call saying at school for the next two weeks the dogs will be there.
Alera Ravino Big & Tall Series High-Back Swivel/Tilt Leather Chair ...
is this a reference to self-tanning lotion? Or hair color? Moving to new school-no more red 'n white?
I am so addicted to
Sucks how I'm missing I missed -__-
All PR is good-if only bc many of us are contrary and have to experience things for ourselves, you know? I know I'm that way.
Nothing like fury to wake one up in the morning.
Also, old school approval processes create a shutdown in the information pipeline. Must extend trust with SM.
12/8 quinquennial: pink slips voted in, all 9 nominated to go out, button won by landslide. and so: pink slips for button.
I will DM his info. After I get his ok. Are you in Sac?
Please #Jayhawks, please cut this lead and give #Kentucky and #Calipari the opportunity to choke!
Gearing up for Opera Ball and TURANDOT premiere tonight! Heading to to pick up food for our exclusive staff party!
I am always doing things I can't do. That is how I get to do them.
You're just pathetic.
Warriors Stephen Jackson gives up role as team captain
Its about time for Kobe to rape another woman!
Don't forget to talk to your peeps bout Blink!! :)
Make him look desperate. Most will look at it like he's trying to make one final money-grab.
Could not agree more “: Idk about but I may or may not turn out to be the worst nurse ever #pedi #notmythang”
Both Maud Marks & Octavia Fields branches are having book sales tomorrow. Good reads cheap for a good cause. 10:00 am start.
I had to look those up. So... basically they're Reichhosen? You can keep your weirdo pants to yourself.
Linkedin evangelist-I have a some friends not in linkedin, I sent linkedin request. Linkedin will know to connect them to me years from now.
#justsaying Not some, but All!
hmm didn't know that. I smell revised manuals of style on the horizon. Which you may purchase on your
I think it's about patriarchy, Ma'am. I work with a lady who told me she spanked many a man & made it clear she was the Boss.
That's what makes #Facebook so unique - people create their own cultures which in turn creates an even greater amazing culture firm wide.
Today: 2 hour boat ride to Koh Dach & dinner at One More Restaurant in Phnom Penh. Next: travel to Koh Kong for the mission!
I'm really tempted to go make car look like a sushi roll.
It's on air...recorded message that says "text now" and gives a word and number that you have to text to. -Billy
awe man, now I want some Sour Patch Kids! Send some my way! ;P Hope things go well tomorrow, whatever it is! <3
#MWRC11 Finalizing presentation on vendor statements of work. Any samples of good cancellation or termination language?
RT : great to have playoff basketball back in Milwaukee!
They say I look like a chimney when I'm in a chair
now u know we still cool why u up so late ? U don't got class toma ?
Happy Mothers Day to all my followers who are Mothers!!
look forward to hearing you next!
me too
So so excited for the summer! My best friend since I was 2 is coming up to visit and see Marianas Trench and Hit The Lights with me!:D
Very well known bug.
Heading to in Glouster, OH! Can't wait to boogie down!
Phonevolution? RT : "We believe that over time all phones become smartphones."
fun, I'll be down soon!
Go on Campopoly.com and tell us what activity we should try next! We will do it and blog about it!
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Plak Smacker Replacement Brush heads and most oral care products.
Jealous? What's there to be jealous of?
ah, ok, then supercool. What kind of questions get asked?
Strange how our lives are the spawn of passion but we live them in apathy.
i believe you'll get them because you're so personable God bless!
Help PLN!Bengals taking STAAR TESTS next week and LOVE Twitter! Please continue to give your well wishes from everywhere!
give me some wanch!
take it as a compliment! Lol
From the really bad TV news file: A San Antonio news anchor this morning pronounced the word Braille as Bray-lee.
j reads his stalkers private e-mail to him next on-air
m...Heat ...if they play right
Wow, anaconda was even a bad movie choice for ice cube
Getting Ready for the game tonight...Go Broncos!
Rosemary lemon chicken, grilled asparagus, spicy kale chips, quinoa
had a good run. maybe create an honorary account? has been born....take note.
Forever hold your violence or speak the truth.
We would love to thank all the artists that work with us. Without their great talents this would not be possible!
#CHIROPRACTORS if ur attending the in LV be sure 2 stop by booth 727. FREE sample kit from while they last.
Let's Go!
A world without Wikipedia and Craigslist? NO THANKS! I oppose SOPA and PIPA. Censorship is more dangerous than theft.
You are more on top of this than we are! We'll try to get something up later today.
Where has spring break gone...? Didn't it just start?
your peach-colored running skirt from your marathon relay - where is that from?
had 2 genius flights last night. Tasty - but not a fan of Reel Ales. They seemed flat. Everything else delivered.
Awesome. Thanks!
You're not in Kansas, I mean North Carolina anymore Mr Wilson.
U r awesome 4 devoting your heart & soul to understanding more about food allergies, Andrea!
sell blood/organs? Stripping? Become an international hustler? win the lottery? warrior tix are affordable bc we suck lol
The album Day Of Mourning by Despised Icon is the shit while you lift.
Um I like Crocs. sue me.
The gym keeps me up to date with sports. Everyone's face is glued to this Bball game
Welcome to Danielle and Marie! Thank you for your support!
GOODMORNING BEAUTIFUL PEOPLE , HAVE A WONDERFUL AND BLESS DAY.
Today's Special, House made fettuccine in a bolognese sauce! Delicious.
just lost her phone... And someone special has it
At Frishes with aunt an uncle
Need to take newer headshots!
I can't remember where she said that or the context... help!
Saw Dylan Peevy at Thunder Alley!
today starts extended hours, open til 5pm. Thank you!!
Waiting for Tom Jones, "Documentation, The What, Why, and Where" ...room's filling fast!
Does a GQ cover come with the salad?
Of course, now that I say that it's working fine.
Really people? How hard is it to follow directions?
Michael Jackson Is The King Of Pop! <3 HEAR IT, LEARN IT, LIVE IT.
Glad to hear that. Enjoy a few for me :-)
SWEET! when i get my phone back i'll call you!
RT Attention all House music lovers! Follow this link to buy tickets to see me perform at the official EDC After... ht...
If the person you love hasn't let God into their heart...then they haven't let you in either.
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see. ~ Mark Twain
Amen!!! “: Thank you for everything! I feel you , I believe in you.. I know you're always with me. Thank you #GOD #Blessed”
oh haha my b:)
Some lady is telling me her life story
Dont try to dog me u not perfect yo damself dont get me started on yo bs
um yeah I believe so, just wanted to see if you were still alive haven't seen/heard from ya in forever!
If you do not CHANGE YOUR LIFE with the POWER OF TRUTH then the only END OF THE TRUTH is YOUR LIFE which BEGINS with a LIE. NLD Mom/ca.surv
Drivin round D-town shakin it to ciara and JT's new song..... I love it a lil bit.... Check it out!!
#autism awareness fundraiser- totes, shirts, and bags- super cute with a bling puzzle piece! check it out...
for you
trying to figure out what's up with campusfood.com.
Team USA is Foxy
So how many of you teens have a Kik? Add me if you do! Angelkake529
definitely. It's gotta stop!
HACKNIGHT! let's make things.
": dont you say no tonight..." u on Kelly ain't u
just trying to get into the chirping world of twitter. Sounds like it might be hard to do.
Just registered for the PRSA New Pros social! This will be my first one! I'm nervous, but very excited to some familiar faces!
Up early with on a radio tour. Today marks the 2nd anniv. of
So we're just accepting Zac Effron as a leading man? Just wanna make sure.
~sometimes...what we really want...is just not what we need...and that...is the most difficult part...of it all
We’re so glad you like it, ! #nafsa12 attendees, be sure to check out the mobile version of conference connection!
I can't tell between cops & robbers
New Logo, same snowcones!
Enjoying life!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME
It's Friday, thank God! Made it thru Teenage Wonder's first semester as college student, don't know who's more tired, me or him!
Thanks to and makeup tips I've stayed shine/oil free and matte all day! I love
oh my Jesus Griffin! You should invite to Hoot Fest! I will definitely go, if he goes! <3
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw you avoid going to court where you will likely lose all chance of reconciliation.
I should put together a video telling the people who don't follow us on Twitter about Stubs.
I foresee a massage in my near future. and lotsa lotsa water and gatorade. maybe even pedialite. I like the grape flavor.
how was everything for you yesterday?
The best part of being anonymous: no one knows I did it. The worse part of being anonymous: no one knows I did it.
#quotesOpportunities multiply as they are seized.
Hence the tweets all with the same hashtag...so many interesting phone calls.
Being African American aka black is so tight.
Agreed! Good times :) RT : Book club at was fan-TAS-tic! Looking forward to next month's.
Eddie's Gone Till The The 16th :'[
THE MEMORIES! 2 years ago we were neck-deep in Power Grid metric uploads. Happy anniversary, !
I think I have several hundred samples on my Kindle.
The Madison Tecmo trophy is won by Wisconsin resident for 7th time in 8 years. Mort (NY) only out-of-stater (at time of tourney) to win it.
You wanna be my new dick pleaser? Follow me.
I like him too I hate Federer
Forget Aaron Rodgers...the belt lies with Steve Novak. #Linsanity continues and it effects everyone on the team.
I agree... Thank you Pres Obama...
RT In matters of style swim with the current; In matters of principle, stand like a rock. --Thomas Jefferson
Aria: Free mj tickets, a contact at 1 oak, & catching the tail end of a photoshoot with
My phone is telling me I'm low on space......I have no clue what to delete
Move your brightest/most energetic students around the classroom to provide a catalytic effect for their classmates - a bit of rubbing off.
All of these people make their money through real estate.
Pool games are getting intense...hoping for a bar fight...
when ready to be ordered by libraries, tweet loudly!!
Struggling with today.
This is decision time, #Dodgers. Nail 'em Kenley!
No? More » Post from: TheGloss
Yeah me and my producer did a mixtape Im really proud of it. After we release that joint I got another one #Darknite mixtape
Watch USA Hockey on USA right now!
ggivee me a shoutout on air! is the name! go florida st!
vs. tomarow night
Mike Brown the Phil Jackson no standing during the game not working. Get up and work the refs.
Broadcasting MSG VARSITY HOCKEY battle tonight between Delbarton and Morristown Beard!!! Looking forward to it!!!
Getting my hair done
And you can order one in the bottom of the ninth with two outs. I did
Baby, baby, baby oh<3
Walk that path with a dime and a stick. Walk that path with a diamond and wine. Walk that path to the firing line. Just walk, pay no mind.
Just finished recording vocals for 3 new practice demos! The plan is to get these online soon with some killer photos by Nick Ghobashi.
Adjustment Bureau one of the most romantic movies I've seen.
If you had tickets to see Davy Jones in the Dells next month, I've got some bad news...
#YouGettinPunchedIf you say me and Allstar Weekend aren't dating. YOU'D BE SITTING ON A THROWN OF LIES.
can u tell me what is alli's background? i cant see :D
U NEVER KNOW KATIE! it might be different next year
doing good and reporting wireless tech for I will do a story on the LBJ Library's mobile strategy soon!
Bailey's Grand Opening Tuesday, September 15th- Park Lane
good morning
will be happy to! Thanks Gina!
#wcphilly #day2 : Features are usually slated for a release. We are currently in feature freeze for beta 3.3, so now the focus is on …
RT () Tweet using hashtag #FessJazztival when you come to one of our shows over next 10 days
HOW DARE YOU SIR. HOW DARE YOU.
Perfect on my bracket so far
Bryce bryan they are all the same thing lol
Book signings and Holiday shopping right around th ecorner
Just reset the password on here! Finally able to tweet again. Haha big things soon.
nahh I've watched a few episodes but I don't really like it.
"I'm up, and it's 2:49 in Texas!! #cantsleept"
RT : Working on a story for Trying to think spring but I'm absolutely freezing right now.
racist! “: Paddy wagon! Paddy wagon! Paddy wagon! Paddy wagon! Now sue my half-Irish ass. ”
like I had a mental break down + I have to stay with my brother this weekend
What shimmy johns ?!?
Bost: Politican votes for next election, statesmen for next generation. These next few wks should be voting for next generation.
The things I want to know are in books; my best friend is the man who'll get me a book I ain't read - Abraham Lincoln.
I wonder if we can get away with playing Beastie Boys at tonight's openings. Survey says???
SXSW made me realize I have a serious weakness for black-haired, doe-eyed women with sleeve tattoos and bad attitudes.
You rock.
Listening to your "Ready For Love" CD. Chillaxin... *(*.
- Thatss Wassup - &&' Thx (= . I Talkk Spanish Just A Lil Even Tho I Been Learning It Most Of My Life. Is French Easier.?
"you can roll the muthafunka if you want to"
Was Nice Meeting You Saturday :) Can U Refollow Me? [:
Please follow me? I love your Videos on YouTube!<3
haha i was screaming, crying, fangirling, and just to much emotions!
AZ’s BIGGEST PARTY IS ON SATURDAY @ SKY LOUNGE DOWNTOWN!! 4 DJS IN THE MIX. FOR VIP OR TABLE RESERVATIONS CALL US AT (602)229-1110.
NWST: #Seahawks GM John Schneider on Football and Life, on Matt Flynn and #SB46 & another surgery for #GregOden 930pm
“: Men have two emotions: Hungry and Horny. If you see him without an erection, make him a sandwich.” damn skippy
Discomfiting assurance on pizza box @ airport: we guarantee that each item is 100% accurate. Accurately what?
When we cross the street hold my hand. Life is what happens when youre busy making other plans.
What is the most controversial news piece you have followed this year???
Although Eddie Gossage is Mr. Ego ALL the time, I do agree with him on certain things about the IndyCar Series.
Internet addresses depletion reflects wired world
Omg, I'm pissed!!
Pound for pound, fantasy makes a tougher opponent for the creative person.
Family member admitted to ER during computer outage. No complaints. Only praise for this excellent team!
the things we can do w lotion
wrapped up the #bbwc - success!
Last day to save at Cladrite! Coupon code SuperDuperShip for #FreeShipping or SuperSave$10 to save $10 on orders of $50+....
New Job. BBI In CFL. Here we go again.
“: Won my first amateur mma title! 6-2!” congrats buddy
Haha, thanks. I totally feel you on the not hungry thing. It was too hot to eat when I got up this morning, so I had fruit.
Met a drag "icon" tonight #brrrpt!
I Love You So Much...(:
.....lol..hit those snacks mama
If you want abs like Hologram Tupac, you gotta cut the carbs and hour hit them crunches in bunches........(whispered) and be a hologram
Without accountability your destine to repeat your past. Proclaim your goals!!!!
happy Monday!
Pop for the ring breaking but I don't like the no contest finish. Also that wasn't legit
ill dm you
WINNER WiNNER CHICKEN DINNER!! lol RT : all over that lol
really...it applies in every context.
NEVER NEvER Do That!
Smh feel like punching a wall ugh
I am a true lost cause when someone wakes me up....I am always extra confused!!
LOVE IT! All in favor in designating as official mascot of say "Aye." Aye!
“: RT : Need a new car soon any suggestions?<-- DUDE - get a Delorean! to go with the back to the future sneaks!
Too bad we won't get to see/hear it!!! Even though we will be there.
here come the PAC 10 champs
"Young fellow, how conceited you are! You do not listen when I speak. Your heart is denser than a great obelisk, a hundred cubits high."
At bus stop. Fuck it's boring!!
Thanks to all our customers and fans for a freat 40 years! Will send you information soon on a new company that can do all we did and more.
yo how are you
Happy Birthday!!! :))) love you!
Apartment hunting in #NYC is seriously the most stressful thing ever.
Darn. Another realist.
and I bet you follow them
Or Rachel you just need to put your beer goggles on...
A few days off after a great weekend of shows! Thanks to those of you who came and those who didn't - we start back up again Thursday at 8!
Chillin in my room getting ready for the next 2 meets in the the next 2 dayz 🏃
GRAD STUDENTS
Getting this head of mine together
Ah!! Sportin' new skins! Look for me spinning my wheels around MKE! Woot!
Merry Christmas :)
Imagination is more important than knowledge. Albert Einstein
Blow it up
this week is packed but maybe next tues or weds?
Love your new avatar Rebecca!
about to head over to the rio for the 25k HU. lets start this summer off right!
Thanks for the follow! Let us know what kind of info & updates a grad student like you wants to see from
Season Finale of DEXTER!
Showing up at 11:15 is typical of a Responsible Bar Owner. Especially when the sign on the door says "Open @ 11am"
Merry Christmas!
Please follow us, we have big plans in 2013. And tell your friends about us
Welcoming Steve, Tiffany and Matthew...thank you.
RT "Fools live to regret their words, wise men to regret their silence."
sounds wonderful. Let me know when you finish!
Boutta get lunch hungry
Nathan Sharansky + Michael Oren + Birthright and Masa testimonials = good plenary!
I realize how great my friends are when they leave, and all I do is talk about how great they are to anyone who'll listen.
Just looked thru ur pics & damm..Blow dust on da haters!!U only have 1 #LIFE and it looks like ur living it Winters Way :).
Way to Mississippi! Personhood my ass.
Not yet.. We are going to see you in 6 days!
I found out that I have reached the "limit" to the number of people whom I can follow (2001 users). Love to all!
...all I have to do is cut thumbs off gloves, sew a small hem & write-off my new sewing machine as a biz expense! Ur genius!
During times like these, the best advice is in the music.
t.co/TQQ9ena has a for sale sign
Also, be mad at the invisible children people. They're the ones trying to get everyone to watch the video and learn about the issue.
Didn't replace, some of the keys are still sticky.
I think my wife and son will be at #BBF11 today while I'm at #NEAFall2011 so our family has it all covered.
Cheers, David.
I just saw that a produce shop in a 4th of July parade was throwing peanuts into the crowd in a small town not far from where I live.
yes i am!!
S/o Real Nigga!!
Good morning ☀
just like hurricane parties in the south!
deep thoughts for serious people.
Just read your blog post, buttery soft it is! Look forward to working with you again soon.
Thanks for the RTs
Thanks for the tweet! Any scent in particular catch your eye?
Vet-Stem Regenerative Cell Therapy for Small Animals. Learn more & call your Vet!
Thank you for existing :') ♥
#VINTAGE #FASHIONISTAS Thank u so much for entering the purse giveaway with , the answers have been so Fashionably Chic ❤❤❤
hey did ur twitter get hacked are was it u that just 5.
The gym feels better in the morning. I feel more alive
win! win!!! Awesome finish.
#100thingsilove crack cocaine
Just a chilling cause I got outta school early :3
try watching andy reid and his staff...
End of semester busy time at the #WKU Store-Glasgow. ATP (orientation) for incoming freshmen and day of textbook sell back.
thanks so much for following!!
Q: Best dress at the Golden Globes?
Student papers almost graded. No way to do justice to the #BritishNovel in one semester, but damn if we didn't try.
Yep. It appears the more MWP/Artest changes, the more he stays the same.
Woo!!! Chase Budinger over Diddy!!! Slam Dunk Contest
I'd like to discuss THE MISSION LAS VEGAS with you. I think you may be interested in its sustainability and social focus.
My allergies are so bad it's utter misery!! WTF is growing here in Michigan..lol
might as well cancel the show
Another early morn. Hanging out with Rochester's jazz radio station jazz90.1 in a bit. Tune in!
I still can't believe this. It will really hit me when I wake up.
YEEHAW! BonfireJam is Heating UP w/ Josh Turner, Jamey Johnson, Lee Brice! Get those hot tickets at PEN AIR FEDERAL CREDIT UNION TODAY!
How'd the car work out after Edibles?
Great pro day for Chris Polk today! 4.45 and 4.50 in the forty, looked fantastic in position drills.
I don't like riding the bus sometimes. I don't like just sitting here and waiting for another bus. When I drive I get home earlier!
Let's play a game: Who had the highest electric bill this month?
IT ENDS TONIGHT!!! HARRY POTTER 7 LEGGO!!! Sad that this part of my childhood is finally coming to a close but happy for the experience :)
You mean this generations' John Lennon?
These giant new detailed yummy gummy tourist attractions are as sweet, supple, tender and delicious as a traditional gummy bear
Need some last minute supplies for the weekend? We're open until 4pm today, come on in!
Im on the bus and i want to puke ughnot to sound snoty but this isnt fun i thought it would be but it isnt =D
If only that book wasn't so good, I would have had time for breakfast and would not have had bad coffee and deliciously bad donuts!
Booty booty booty =)
haha. how long has it been going on in there?
THANK YOU!!
I feel so far away being on the West Coast. Right now watching "Say Anything." makes me miss my guy WAY too much.
Dad is going to get a TV for his birthday. I think he would rather have a bottle or sweet bread.
Thanks to : book "The Innovators DNA". Mastering the Five Skills of Disruptive Innovators
how far have you read in the books?
Linfield: attacks on #humanitarian workers part of wider attack on the concept of the civilian.
Come over and eat dinner on the island if you like today around 5 *if back in town.
Abt the home occupation? Not that I've heard.
Isn't that always the way! It seems to b a common problem in large organizations
I am very impressed with Dan DiZio, CEO of because he really cares about his employees. Great episode!
i think it's about time you follow us :)
..."if I was 50 years younger I'd kick your ass"
hey hey hey... We aren't crazy. Just different
Wonderful! We need more of that.
there's rain in these mountains of Albany! The Volvo needed a bath :)
Bless up Fam! DM me your email please
Screw u auto correct I meant bon fire
it's -__- I working though
Just smooth...but it's extra creamy. Pls tell me you're going to come try it! Last day is Sunday.
Man being Nice 2 people gets U Nowhere! Wow shit crazy! About 2 turn yall BitchAsses 2 dust touch by the GHOST.
holy shit, have you never heard of the Weather Channel before? Or the web?
so what are your plans for today
I doubt they will. This however does signify the end of Paterno's coaching career. Heads will roll all the way up the chain.
Thanks Arleen, great to connect with you.
I so agree, I have refused to watch any and all shows that give GG air time.
We need to rooolll
it looks amazing.
It's too early in the day to be killing princes.
Fasho are we going ride to the Bar ?
heart melt RT : The most important thing a father can do for his children is to love their mother via
Thanks! I enjoyed #walraa2012! RT Great advice from : "if I stay for one more year, what else will I learn?"
“: #oomf got me thinking on sumn shit.” I miss u Jess ima come kidnap u one of these days
hey Austin, guess what?? :)<3
Headed to gym to put in 1st workout of the year ...LEGS.... In case u didn't know it don't count unless u drop it below the knees....
Love this song!!
sweet!! Is it that one you importated in back from Scotland?
Plans ruined tonight. Now I get to hang with the rents.
The change....
if I had more followers I would tweet more
She say she fucking with me the long way She gon’ ride this dick I had a long day
I can't sleep ):
i swear i could live in your arms, and spend evey moment i had with you.
Permanently delete your account?
move over Giambi, here comes Hammel! Maybe the world is ending tomorrow....
oh I DO feel special :)
part 2 is posted :)
This girl is so fucking beautiful
only in CA! so absurd!
It's only right that Joey Mack got like 16,000 followers last night
If you're in #SF,order by noon tomorrow&we'll guarantee you'll have your SF > LA t-shirt with you by Xmas Eve. www.WeBeGreater.com
Dear North Carolina, fuck you
Gimme head til u brain dead
if I get kicked out of IB u can't
A Perfect Pantry at 21 E. Congress is a charming mix of new kitchenware and vintage household items.
lol.. Whaddup homey! I don't be on twitter as much anymore,sorta got a tad dull.. Lol
School sucks!!!!!
What ever happened to all that hope and change?
today I'm thankful for knowing how to tie my shoes
lets do i t
Man! If I here on more person say, "wow that's a big camera!" I am going to smack 'em up side the head.
if it turns out good
I wonder whom the Log Cabin Republicans are going to vote for now.
Woww everyone hates me. I had 337 followers..now i have 331? Thanks.
ATL to Wisconsin for my good friends wedding! 14 hour drive leggo!
Hah! That's a quotable.
I'm mad for always being nice, apologizing when I didn't do anything wrong, getting attached, and for making you a huge part of my life.
Amazing So Far... How About You...
sweetheart u must b in a bad way!
The Ill. Sup. Ct hears oral arg. 3/15 in the case our Institute has an amicus brief opposing IDOC's efforts to garnish inmate wages at 100%.
i want as #bayareafrshmen10 after you vote follow me ill follow back ;)
Billionaire wants US gov to help him fill dump 1000 football fields large w nuclear waste in Texas. Good idea?
if you don't, I'll tell Wonder on you.
When You're Gone...
Go ahead Tucson youth! You are an inspiration!
Geezuz the T-bolt still hasn't gotten official gingerbread?! I'm glad there's such a great dev community! Roms ftw!
. I believe the technical term is "pulling a Gammons."
your lucky that you even have a sister :/
I meant to put <33 lol and cool! :))
Wow I said luke alliger instead of james smh that's embarrassing ( ._.)
If ur trying to upload an app or script for #sourcefest, is having some issues, so be patient and try again in a few hours. Thx!
Just got my orange wristbands in the mail. Those are all access, yes?
ice cream it is then :)
i drOp shyt.. h0es pOp it.. dem birdiez fOll0w it... gOt my name in yO mOuth? b1tch swallOw it
Portland Oregon?! My home!
I'm kicking some doors down! Drive deserved an #OscarUpset in Sound Editing! The entire movie was led by the audio!
Test Message..
This weekend i found out who my REAL friends are
Wth happened to Houston winter?
I agree! It appeals to mass consciousness.
Visit my Passions by K Facebook website!! Thank you and have a wonderful day!
yep. So what's up?
just made my debut on Big Freedia's reality show AH!!! super excited now off to Jimmy Kimmel for sound check. So excited
lmao why u say that
Final got 600 followers
Really enjoyed the History Channel Pickers TV show last night! It was fun to watch Daniel locate the various treasures!
and thank you btw :)
I'm glad to see you are doing well, from what I read and see about you, I'm genuienly happy for you
Camping out under the DC sky. Last time I did this was at the Grand Canyon
I am sure we can for ya! RT : Will you have the #KUbball game on tonight?
I mean a truly bad program the last few years makes ZERO changes and gets a ton of studs and nobody is questioning it.
Tampilan baru mobile twitter.. just knew :D
You don't have to be the sharpest tool, you just have to do something.
Hey Vanes. shoot me a DM. Want to talk
how have u gone so long not getting signed!? You are the best thing that's ever happened ! Love you <3
I used to hate the world, now I just hate everyone it
call ur team ex nugget western conference playoff team knicks out 1st round to whoever u play melo hogs the ball that will hurt u
pesos? schmesos. north o the border tonight. taking a break from the boys.
It's funny because it's not true at all
Let's go to Canada “: I'm so ready to move to another country. Get me out of this place.”
What state do you live in?
Registering for classes.
You live, laugh, and love. Usually just to wind up getting lied to!
So glad we can connect! Thanks for the follow!
sounds like an amazing w/end...beats 20 hours in an airplane any day!
still awake, huh?
I love me some sody pop!
dont know what ur missin ... the hood where #REALITYHAPPENS real people not being pretentious and fake
no. We also wore nike high tops.
My son just broke the glass front on his iPod touch, anyone know the best repair solution. Best = least expensive.
I Aint Gone Lie Imy And I Still Love You Baby Can You Take Me Baqk Please *Crosses Fingers* (close eyes) Lol.... :)
I'll b back b4 u know it
I can't even rub 2 pennies together. Smh.
lol what can I say!
Those are always better than the angry, bitter ones. Though, sometimes those are pretty awesome too haha.
Crazy night.. as expected. Thanks for hanging out w/me! RT : My man is killing it!
Im hungry...in the mood for some burger king.
Can't get through the day without !
great job! Hope my next half is that speedy!
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-52
I notice I speak a little to early on things.
"Keep a grateful heart in every circumstance and it will open the way for clearer direction in all other things." - 1 Thessalonians 5:18 <3
we had a lifesize one our site for a while. want to get one?
and damn it I forgot sungdong cafe last night because I was so sad i went to bed super early
Want to learn to cook? Have a Party you need help with? Let me, The Single Chef help! You can contact me at Matt
Wow, I really do make amazing chili!
definitely a goal :) That or back to my home town :)
The #AOSL Working Groups: Educational Practice, Research and Workforce Development. Each of 3 conferences build on the work of these groups.
I'm going to be living in the library for the next three weeks
I tell parents employers want problem solvers , want to hear about failures and how person handled past failure, I've been asked
I am creating an acct now. Can you follow back? Thanks!
Countless number of big time players came out of Schenley HS in #pittsburgh Can't believe the School Board shut it down.
I was wondering how long it would take you to say something. lol.
Doing Business with China Forum scheduled for Wed. Nov 2nd. Looking for companies that do business with China to participate and share the…
What's the line between a playwright's values and a character's values? Like, how does Sarah Kane fit into this?
The worst thing you could do is doubt us
me to!!! I need to hit the LOTTO before Vegas for sure!
wait, yes I was lol.
I love the little 'whoohoo' in there.
It doesn't fit with their narrative of preset ideas. It is sad
Do you have a good drill to address thin contact/topping?
: Will go on as a mentor for The Glee Project?!
A2: like anything else, you gain C-lev buy-in when show value against broader goals
Just had a great afternoon chat with for her podcast series! We are both fans of &
she meant that she beat her damn head against the concrete until she thought of the other status.
Me,Adam um... I don't know. LOL CX
follow back enjoy the day sir!!
Your body so perfect, its just right for me
Your work on "Need For Speed" was incredible. Congratulations!
Appreciate man. Also check out , sports talk show I've recently started up.
If you're at McDonalds at 2am on the net...you need to get a life.
wow danzell, you really need to stop.
Ooh! Me! Me! iPads for live streaming programs, apps to help ESL students, RA in the nursing homes...
lol look at you
Freshman from ENG101 class I worked with: "first I thought this assignmt was dumb but then I discovered that the archives are pretty cool."
practical advantages to finding points of agreement. This seems to me the result of using frames that fit the facts & digital
ashamed that my twitter is so friggin' boring. i shall strive to be more entertaining.
No, im still thinkin about it though!
followback,Is Awsome related to The Office
Laughing uncontrollably with my friend. lol
Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune. Jim Rohn
ICS Financial Systems Showcases its Leading-edge Solutions at MEFTEC 2012 - Bobsguide (press release)
Ugh, migraine…
You need some clean protein like #Ahi and complex carbs #rice and rest! #followus #SanJose #eat healthy!
A kiss: To a young girl, faith; to a married woman, hope; to an old maid, charity.
Morning Lovelies!!
#nf sexy ass #TEAMFOLLOWBACK she's a
Vintage Craig Counsell
Sports: The Bears Sign Julius Peppers and Chester Taylor!!! Holy Crap!!! Am I Awake This Morning Or Am I Still Dreaming??? Unbelievable!!!
Perfect day for a gambol!
we have never been there where is it? :)
Mane this pack so strong smh lol
am I the only one that is completely disgusted by this liberal insanity?
Walking the streets of chelsea thinking " Isn't this the perfect place to create a startup". I love New York! ... City that is!
wow we def gotta catch up soon!!! Like Das crazy
I wish i could live in music.
RT : How many people woke up this morning went to the range w their 52degree and practiced the high 40yrd hook?
Jerry's on me when is back in town
To guard against parity errors causing a switch reload?
It's my Friday!!!! Woo hoo!!! So pumped for my first real vacay in 5 years. Hope I meet Nelly.
hi! so exciting.
I have my old driod!
Can #Facebook buy #Twitter and take over???
RT : my sister just did the absolute most, but that what birthdays are about. I love her!<<<aww I love Yall 2 Muah
IN LOVE WID MYSELF
You probably thought that you'd make me cry but baby it's okay I swear it's okay
more snow in wisconsin... i think someone is trying to send us a message to get the heck out of dodge (milwaukee)
Joy is what happens when we allow ourselves to recognize how good things really are. Marianne Williamson
Hate waking up to the sun in my face! ☀👎
second the motion
And we spent what little money we had on winter green Skoal and main street gas ......
Hmmph! Rain, rain, rain, and now tomorrow again! (Rhymes!) Well, the flag's out: I'm shakin' cocktails and pouring wine if anybody shows up.
MT : We're taking #musesocial coast to coast on April 13 - coming to you live from DC and San Diego. Stay tuned!
Amen. God is my rock and I only know that now because I did get whirled away in a storm.
scarbrough is full of it. He makes up "fact" as he goes along. HHS must stick to it's guns and protect women like my Mom.
Should have a great turnout at tonight. Still an hour left to show up!!
I need One Tree Hill back Chica!! Please 😜
wow. Really?! What a freakin jerk. I should've listened to my cousin...
Thanks Christopher for the mention! -Rod
yeah.... like hold the spit please lol
note the passive aggression tho!
#museweb Opening party last nite. Talked w/curator about '13 exhibit on 'memory' Suggested we do a website discussion on What Do U Remember
Its official, were all ready for the hurricane here. Didnt get evacuated here so hoping it wont get too bad.
Good morning to all the ladies in my tl 😘
So, after the devilish trinity of final exams, holiday shopping, and christmas travel, I'm resuming my regular program of #SOPA hate.
i need a new car. i just hate to pay a note.
Rachel "Brendon your safe this week" Brendon "Thank you FINANCEE thats so revolting
Silveira talks about partnerships to increase vocational focus and expand opportunities for kids who are interested.
I know!! I love it!! It gonna be on replay all day long!
delete my old account and start following me on this account. alik_rainey Thank you
VEE, Please do me a favor and write a Twitlonger to my father about why I should go to the Phoenix show!!!
HCP's pay closer attention to passionate groups... rarely to passionate individuals
Tell me a number and you know it I'll tell you which IB you look best with !(:
I just remembered, I have homework. fml.
I'm glad to hear that I'm not the only one! It's been on my mind the past few days, while looking at people's work.
what's your mail thing I want to send fan mail to you<33
not at all scary,... Very open and honest:)
Rough Jog
#textingdisaster - Put down your phone. Don't txt and drive. Your life/health is more important then a phone/txt msg.
mission of burma a bit? maybe it's a boston thing?
Looking forward to the collaboration! Nate you have a great since of style. The line will be hott!
you look like such a sweet heart and you got some amazing eyes!!!!!!
I know he will bring it up I believe in him. He'll do it for us. He loves us.
RT If u believe the BEST is yet to come, RT!!
I love Halloween!!! Bring on the crazy quaky wacky!!!!!!!
True dat RT : Social Media gives you wings - be sure you use them to help others to fly :-)
This dude Nick Swardson is hilarious
but we never said you was a HOE ! your assuming. we was just telling you how we felt.
if you have a Google account...Blogger - another one is Tumblr...but is a bit more advanced.
Ford continues to make inroads into alt-fuel vehicles
my arm is fucked up. i hate that damn horse i swear what a bitch
I'll keep my head up and smile, just because I know you want to see me fall
Give people what they want, not what they think they want. These are often different.
Pregnancy 2.0 wants to build a database so that providers & future patients can mold the most optimized pregnancies |
CONGRATS to all 30 of our November 2011 Focus Graduates! Be. Do. Have.
My happy moments are to be seen not my sad moments
Fell in love with Joanna Wang. Her jazz voice is so fascinating. I can listen her songs for million times.
An interesting phrase (not mine), but archivization already includes its negation. And the digital Panopticon is a problem.
I will fb and person before i text them.
sure but first beat Unknown in a Marvel Match and send me the footage, then I'll tell you something.
When people are only good for watching shows and sonic drinks >>>>>
I mean really... would you rather pay for someone to find you an apartment in #Chicago? ;)
It looks like David Prosser may have just pulled ahead by 40 votes overall. Picked up in Winnebago County. Still unofficial.
RIP to the 92 children that have been killed in Norway. This is the end result of racism.. #RT <3
I need some admin staff. Know anyone?
Tyler Jones, welcome!
I'm looking directly at your doppelgänger right now. And I'm on a college campus so it's even weirder!
Guess I'll just make the best out of a shitty situation
“: i want to hire to personally sing to me every night before i go to bed” A-FREAKIN-MEN!!
Why doesn't ever rain at this school omg it was pouring just down the street from it and it's almost blue skies here wtf
You've never met anybody who interrupts themselves when talking?
RT back on the diet/exercise program. LET'S DO THIS!
Love is an energy, the strongest of all. We think it is "just love'…and yet love is so far ahead that at times it looks like it is behind.
Gosh feel so alone cuz chris isnt here with me
Happy birthday to our Director, Dr. Jim Pitts! We hope you have an amazing day :)
Yeah that's hot, I like that mama!
Life Lesson: Ignored signs = temporarily delayed reality
My doctor told me I was morbidly obese. As if I don't have enough on my plate.
It's 8:20. It's still light out.
too many pregnant celebs and too many are getting engaged they must have spring fever too
Thanks! RT thank you for everything this semester! Definitely one of the top enjoyable classes/professors Ive had at tech.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Some children end up in Child Protective Services while others go to Juvenile Court for the same conduct.
I don't think I've launched a program from the Dock in two years. Isn't Spotlight just way faster?
how do you train a cat not to bite...?
Come on C's
Just picked up another rad show today at Jr.'s on red river and 6th st. We go on at 4:14! Stoked to be at
Dislikes people with no style!
Is it Bears season yet? Being a Cubs fan is rough! I guess I can't win today!
: Dear Mr. Lazarou, Esq., Please inform your client some of us find ourselves bored and unamused without him on WWE. Thank You
Bilingual Substitute Associate instructor at $15.07/hour & NO BENEFITS in all caps? America please get your priorities together.
i just ate the rest of my chipotle for dinner that i had for lunch. omg.
#Indianapolis acc. to Tradeshow Weekly via planning guide: "Everything a #tradeshow manager could possibly dream of needing." <-FACT
I miss you, too, Roger.
In Virginia visiting the uncle!
are you on y100 yet.
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant. ~Robert Louis Stevenson
Hate that the gym closes at 5 on Saturday. That does not promote fitness.
got a serious papercut from pocket guide.. it's a sign! I must attend this year.. but what should I see?
you're too kind to this ugly old man.
Can't wait to see the first two episodes of The F-List!!!
Is Nick Perry on twitter?
Has anyone visiting seen the augments & Allison learned to make at our AR workshop last weekend?
sounds fun lol! Btw I feel like I havent seen you in a while. We gotta fix that!
I'm sure there are too few to list.
...could use the matching shorts and socks!! If not, I'll go with black.
I'm plunging into the twittersphere...finally
Deeeerp? O.o RT : I'm a unicorn.
wake me up ina few hours for #Bottlebar -
can i get a followback? :P show appreciation!
In need of a haircut
Jonah Hill looks better now that he's skinny. Not the case with Al Roker.
Yeah, I hate Luke Scott lol
no plans for Thanksgiving or don't want to spend TOO much time with your lovely family?? well..We'll be open at 5 pm on Burbank!
hey Erica! I'm great. Love Boston. Looking forward to the 150th! How're you?
Jerry Sand is called up from A.
and Where you we`ll fallow! we`ll fallow we`ll fallow!!!
thanks for the RT!
Hero of the day: Joe Biden re: gay marriage. It's about time, you know?
Still looking for packaging/plastics-related angles in tornado-ravaged Missouri and Oklahoma
"Speak the promises of God over the storms of your life." Awesome word from Love the transparency brother.
Any plans record store day?
GM! Did you start shooting Jism 2?
pool parties?!
Got soy Milk! Just picture a grown man sucking the teet of a cow to get the milk. Such is the consumption of dairy.
lol :) want to hang soon? Why didn't u come with nancy and rory the other weekend?
Man wat to do go to church or stay home
RT : The 2012 DoDIIS Worldwide Conference is underway! Follow on Twitter and #DoDIIS12, and on Facebook at...
should text me and save me from boredom at the DMV
#kony absouletly failed, so what's next???
Great speech @ #PENFest12 tonite! "Art is stronger than censorship, but artists are vulnerable"
Lmao best line of "Modern Family" .. we just got a glare from Mr. Socks with sandals. It's funny because people who do that are douches
HA HA
hey twitter havnt been here in a while
miss you more. <3
Thanks-glad you got mellow with M.M.
Yeah like you sould like them becuss they can dance
please don't ever take your fans for granted, please.
Every breath you waste on hate and ignorance is a lost sigh of contentment.
aw, you're just saying that cuz i gave you half of a yummy cookie that jennifer in #crafty made on the #teenwolf set that day
AW & Omg!! you having a 15?
My mom, mother of 4 children: "you can't bring children to a restaurant. They're animals. Animals"
Seeking businesses who would like to become more visible to potential customers on the internet...
9 out of 10 employees agree. RT The quickest way to demotivate me: make it all about metrics.
Can't wait to see yinz tonight : We're in Pittsburgh, PA tonight (4/18) at the Thunderbird Cafe with ! 8pm.
no one will ever burp and get a burst of energy like this chick
Hand ball by Serbia in the box costs Serbia a point. Ghana wins by a great penalty kick.
I'm not totally sure, I'll be able to answer that by the end of summer. I'm good with numbers and computers.
RT “: I think that it's symbolic that it's a problematic hashtag. #alt #altac #mla12 #s595” Agreed!
Lovely bday dinner last night!!
... Haha :) Totally loved it... ha! You can throw me those set ups anytime ;-)
Good morning!!! Have a marvelous Monday. Every morning brings new mercies!!! Be grateful and don't let any stupids get to you :-)
At the Giants game with my brothers!
lol, that's too funny....but hey marketing worked, got u there
why so angry. It's so easy to block?
4 weeks and still fat
Just got back from #BuschGardens. OMFG I was so annoyed with my aunt so every ride I gave the camers the finger so she couldn't buy the pic
it's an ass girl
Recommends "Suzie Q" by Creedence Clearwater Revival on Pandora
Got one once when an excited two year old jumped up and smashed his head into my face - baby, dun knocked me out cold.
Just landed in Geneva.
I wanna go back to bed!!
have to be a GM for a pro team to know that? Should I submit my resume? Lol
I like UConns high post offense!
Downtown Denver is pretty sweet
Just turned on the heat in my apt in FL because it is too cold.
Kettering Health was on top for #DaytonJobs posting in Jan-Feb with 480 postings!
I fucking love you <3 I am so glad we are friends. I'm here for you. Anytime .(:
Do you know when it comes back on?
It's fine by me, if you never leave <3
let's get some tweets going in here!! :)
jealous! have fun!
ugh. suckky night.
I don't trust myself.
good thanks :)
It's resurrection wknd! Get ready for a new you - Forgive, Forget & Move Forward! Your best days begin at the cross.
Has he ever asked you a random question? Like about something you would have zero knowledge on?
YES!!!!! RT : "If you look at me you won't see the girl I used to be cause she's so gone." ~ Lemonade Mouth
RT I've got an off hours #ROR project -can work remote -for the next 3 mo's. 10-20/hrs a week.
Lighter moment in #Seattle council chambers says giving women the vote a rare example of perfect legislation.
Bc it reminds you of Emperor Palpatine from #StarWars, right? I'm w ya. #80sKid RT : I don't like the word "palpate."
Good first period but get ready for the Flyers to come out swinging in the second.
Yes, I do. I don't buy that #highered isn't compulsory these days--prereq for social mobility.
Hey sorry I've been slacking... allergies out of control lol
Xbox time
Obama launches re-election bid - New York Daily News
glad you're back on the beer scene Jesse!
It's fun making an idiot of yourself :P
Wow I'm in love with
probably gonna start crying soon.
they got a movie together lol
I know, I know.
Daughters tend to have labors similar to their mother.
Heights of serene contemplation
Want to talk to you about a TV appearance...please email - Thanks!
Under an hour left to shop laurelhurst, the pearl and Fremont! Many of our stores open late tmw. Check websites for hours. Happy New Years!
Hoping to catch 6am shuttle from City Hall to support GGBridge picket line. Also, noon rally at Mkt/Montgomery.
less tweets about stuff and more tweets about pub.
right!? It was SO feeling gross! Made me almost puke. 😒
hey its me mary aka iamsporty657. please follow me back. also i really like your videos. =)
glad to assist! :-)
Tssss. Pattie is your queen? The fuck?! It must be your mom. Duh, stupidity.
I've heard Kennedy Turner used to run the gridiron on PS2 at OU! Any truth to these rumors?
the booth being as cold as antartica
TODAY WAS SO BORING.
One day soon. Sooner than most can even imagine.
NAPALM BEACH @ SATYRICON TOMORROW
LOVE YOU JESSICA <3
mikes cousin is there find him! Then touch him.
Found out that director Sam Taylor-Wood (Nowhere Boy) was originally a photographer
BEER GIVE ME BEER and a sofa.
Last dress rehearsal before we open tomorrow nite. Full of nervous excitement for the wonderful actors who've allowed me to direct them.
So stoked I got my floor tix to Their 1st SF show since 1996 and their only other non-Coachella US show besides NYC!
“: Before we had actual money, we had Neopoints. #The2000sLife” our lives hahah
Still looking for hobby farm in Upper Valley, New Hampshire. To lease option. send e-mail to:
- And he had Justin Beiber behind him during the walk! I'm, I don't even know how to feel about that.
Putting together the budget for "COLLEGE FUND" Tour!
Join us Wed. May 18 at 7pm for Paramount Slick Music Studio Open Jam. Doors open at 6:30pm. Show up, sign in and show off!
Could Rachmaninoff be the old school Joy Division?!
Can they make a caramel macchiato frappuccino during this happy hour craze ? Help me out
no joke. Literally every night my timeline is covered with a your tweets. Not to mention your daily trends that get to #1 :)
Congrats! RT : Holy crap! Major props to Jeremy & Cynthia Mills of for being named Wilbur Snypp Award recipients ...
The anxiety of waiting for June 10th. Ugh I can't take it .
I'm gonna try to watch TVD again .
If my boy shows up next weekend, we're taking lots of pictures.
team Jacob lol... U?
the Sodomizer should interview Bill Clinton.
I'm sorry about the Patriots, but my evenings are incomplete without you! ;( I guess I'll have to settle for Lambchop (#ChrisHayes)
Aloha!! [: I Wish I Can Put Flowers On Words !!
Hanging with and more at Society for Military History this weekend in D.C.
Check out 8th On Campus apartments, they have HUGE bedrooms and livingrooms!
H A P P Y F R I D A Y! Hope everyone has a good weekend. Anything fun planned?
Music Video shoot for Falling Up Ft. Nina Luv begins tomorrow
Chicago Tribune columnist Schmich, Northwester professor win Pulitzers
#BestSound goes to #Hugo. No surprise there.
considering playing 13 Pag. Capricci for 2nd half of recitals for late spring when right place offers, will do all 24 live
haha I feel ya Nate! Ya it's called Imagiengineering or something.. Ha I delivery food there. Its a cool place
Nice! I will be taking advantage of that! :-)
Tod of Tagasaurus: Americans spend 2 billion hours watching television. How can we harvest some of that free time? Ex. wikipedia.
oh and only verbally it was ur mom that was being dramatic
: Never ignore someone who cares for you because someday you'll realize you've lost a diamond while you were busy collecting stones
My little sis sees my copy of "#HowToBeBlack" by and asks "Why is this a book?"...
Debating on whether or not to open my 2nd bottle of white rye. 30 years from now it would be nostalgic to have batch 1.
my weekend is not looking 2 promising as of now & i didn't plan anything yet but anyways what u got plan out 4 urself.
Sprite, good. You mind if I have some of your tasty beverage to wash this down?
When did snitching become cool????? o_O
Mothers of teenagers know why some animals eat their young. LOL
enjoy my brother :) everyone else gets to listen in a week ^_^
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police.
Its cuz im a real nice person (:
Good morning come try our beignets & coffee $3 free side with any sandwich today only!!!
u better stay outta trouble lol
Launching a New 21 Day Fat Loss Boot Camp soon! Get fit before the Holidays so that You Can really enjoy them!
I knew the time would come when you would stop doing ustreams and you would stop tweeting weird things...):
I do what you won’t today, so I can do what you can’t tomorrow
So fucking annoyed.
L O L
For now, an Ellie's Brown Ale, some pistachios, some rest, some research and then back on the road!
RT I go so far as to think you own the universe.
You are perfect in every way. (:
Old man, look at my life, I'm a lot like you were.
you're welcome ma'am
bruins can't buy a goal.
Both of my daughters were born on the 18th!! COME ON BRONCOS!! Get us some Manning!!!
No Valentine? No problem! Come to Opal for 2 for 1 drinks- we've got plenty of Valentines here for you!!!
#tsdday Facebook is the most visited website in the Philippines.
When? RT : Chrissy Dzioba to play Solstice & Equinox shows at Seven Seas!
thanks for the follow Pierre :)
"Etchings" are made by the artist using a tool called a burin to carve the image on to a metal plate coated in wax.
RT : We have R3HAB coming to next Thursday December 1st ... that big!!
Almost forgot what making movies feels like. Dammit, Dave.
Just stocked up on , got $20 bucks off my order (code: HOLIDAY), and gave it back to all in a few clicks.
Tell me what you know about night terrors...nothing
I didn't intend to poo-poo your efforts at all
"we cannot direct the wind, but we can adjust the sails" Bertha Calloway
How can we be friends, when we love each other like this?
just cooling wbu
Right. One fundamental flaw in current system is yes/no choices instead of decent/better choices.
I'm in 's building, peering into his window. That's a lot of action figures.
Oh shit Today is my Friday. Hopefully it goes dwn b4 work. Its not pink eye either
I like you.. Wait I hate you!! Bipolar much..,? No it's just called love
Make something tasty!
I swear, if Tim Tebow and Taylor Swift are actually dating, I will have a cow.
I am
Typing what you really want to say, then deleting it.
OF COURSE the boys will be in New York today, what else is new?
Lose Your Way has been a daily listen thanks for the vocals!
Thanks for reaching out. Very open to that! I'm rather () international minded...
Same here. You and the others made Toy Fair helped make Toy Far a really good experience for me.
Belgian chocolate 4 the holidays. Because fruitcake is gross. Now carrying Cote d'Or, Dolfin, Galler, Leonidas & Nirvana (in blueberry!)
Of all bad men religious bad men are the worst
right!?! And lets be honest, I never really did HW in college so this is actually a whole new ball game for me
RT RaineFallOutBoy: I have eyes, dinosaurs have eyes. there for. I'm a DINOSAUR
how is it the yankees have gone on a 6 game winning streak at the same moment the sox go on a 5 game losing streak? Unbelievable!
SOTU alludes to infrastructure spending for public-private partnerships. I am not sure P3s are THE answer, but they could be an answer.
“A man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd.” - Max Lucado
I need to give my teacher this apple in hopes of him looking out for me with some lenient scoring on my math quiz tonight
I Instagram WAY to much... sorry guys :P
I did the AIDS walk houston and almost lost my life
I hope they do before I die lol and TD is Toney Douglas
i'm okay with orange the color will make me look skinny
of course! Thanks for sharing the awesome posts!
I did teddy bear I corrected it :)
RT : I'm bout to release a song stay tuned.... #HigHeadWednesdays <- !!!!
So is now tweeting as The Mayans were right...
I haven't bought a tshirt in forever. Only dresses and dressy tops lately. I'm very proud of myself. Cause my closet is full of tshirts. 👗
it looks so AWESOME!!! XD #nice!! Did your mom let you?(:(:(:(:
REVIEW: 3/26 Concord Orchestra plays Schuller cello concerto
Power bring out sucks but meant hastily put together grilled dinner and actually being able to see stars.
I won't be mad. But I'll badmouth you for the next week ;)
Everyone tune in to 1590 to listen to my friends Derrick Willis and Krystle McCarthy talk on the radio about STI!
Going to see mv lacrosse crush the shit out of Edison
About to start a new hip hop song. I need inspiration
Leaving for Dallas soon
#LAUSD better get ready 4 onslaught of angry rapping teachers fighting against pink slips & excessive
dang we are never on at the same time
thank you so much. you rock!
Pretty cool how we're using a Windows 95 term, "Plug and Play," to describe NFL prospects. Works pretty well.
are u Vietnamese too?
I need to meet her sometime!
Stupid Brewers
Thanks, scientist friend! (He says no to ice in my Alka-Seltzer.)
hey. Is it lights there?????
It's not being negative when it's the truth. No one has a plan, no one's looking out for you.
Perseverance is better than defeat. 七転び八起き
Damnit you jinxed me! They got me!
"You Never Give Me Your Money" is a pimps least favorite Beatles song.
thx for the help, that's a great timesaver!
Just had the most amazing coffee chat in L.A. with Exec Prod Jim Shoaf, Exec Prod Stuart Owens and Writer/Director/Prod Jeb Stuart. Woohoo!
Going out to dinner with and . Yay!
High Yellas shall hence forth be known as Octaroon coons.
Off to club B.E.D... Tonight's performers : DJ Silence & MC Z... Visuals by Team Dreams. Special guests are Blanky Blank and MAC Pillow
Particle physics has become an "indirect science" by trying to describe the tonnage & features of a moving ship as of its wake in the water.
Ah, yes! and / can help you with that.
My phone fell in water again. -___-
Everyone needs to learn a proper way to manage stress in their life
I would like to develope a more expressive style. I feel like a just copy images in the classes.
lol thank u! sorta sad but really excited too...hows the job hunt going? lol it's been a while but I remember talking about that
I'll be there the 26th, report the second. When you gettin in? I need a throwing partner till camp!!
that's nice, hope y'all have fun, where ever y'all go, :-P wish I could go out but its late! :-\
If you would like to be a part of my future, don’t judge me for my past.
Hey girlfriend! Ooh...I have many looks! Depends on my (and my hairstylist's) mood. You're welcome..
hey Rebecca!!! How have you been? (:
Gregory Rodriguez from giving info on the upcoming conversations happening in other communities in the state.
US Open Tennis, a pool and BBQ made for an amazing Labor Day weekend!!
Getting ready to audition our next show a non musical TBA. Oct 22 & 23 in NJ Place TBA. Please tell us your ideas for the next show!
Wtf!! Target and Jewel!!! I'm looking for my meds not the iPhone 5!!! Get yo shit together!!!
I do! How did y'alls paths cross?
Shane is king! #envision. Who doesn't love this guy?
ARTISTS looking to go on TOUR and PERFORM in TEXAS, LOUISIANA, OKLAHOMA and more call Mr Debonair
The plumbers have arrived and are inspecting the shit magma coating the hillside. I'm glad I'm a writer.
happy b-day tori!
S/o to the beautiful
let's do this ladies!
Talking to while she eats is pretty much how I would imagine talking to Chewbacca would be like. I. Somehow. Still. Understand.
omg me too :(
what ?!?! Consider your cherry popped ! Let's go !
Got u RT “: yo don't forget my northface tomorrow”
Congrats to our home town LA Galaxy on bringing home the MLS Cup!
lol! Im still here. hows everything?? And im gonna need an invite the next time u cook lady. you got that slap ya momma cooking
since day one I've been up and down
Standing outside the fire
Dastardly! Site down the day I pay off my balance! I wanted to login and see those zeroes! (J/K but seriously-come back up!)
Choose the right location and neighborhood for your restaurant business.
I pop in every so often! Shepp's a free jazz guy who made it through and is still active at 74 yrs old. Similar to Coltrane
Oh, I guess readers cannot see page views only you ?
very cool! Ya I dig LOTR, pretty much interested in most films that are fanboy'ish. I'm just a lover of films and lots of tv.
thanks Bee, very interested in adding to your list of places to consider, amazed #Newark isn't on it yet, it's a fab town!
HEY YOU! sign up for the guard class.
Yes, with O365 and / or a two factor authentication / VPN situation.
that's my favorite cupcake shop! Enjoy!
So nice out. Why do I have to do this stupid Spanish project
Don't get me wrong, Ubuntu is great but I am less interested in making Linux Desktop Dominant in the market. I <3 good sftwr.
Can portfolio theory save lives? - EmpowHer
Alrighty, back to the grind w/the help of a little caffeine. new blog posts to come so stay tuned!
Those feelings you have for yur ex <<<<
this past semester: $812/credit hour.
Why do they call twitter ; twitter ? And why do they call facebook ; facebook ? Those are weird names . (: Now I'm just saying stupid shit
Glad you came and enjoyed the game. Luckily the dunk show went on without a hitch this time!
that would be soccer creeping in your head, don't fight it let it take the spot...its okay
no prob drinks on me Lol
See a bitch from another school holding a lax stick give them the death look
Sunday funnies - www.freekshowradio.com Listen & Laugh!
#Beyond The Valley of the Dolls straw bed has to suck
"If I forgot anybody - you know who you are..." Awesome speech at the
Had achill night now heading to work, Happy Mothers Day!
RT "Successful people NEVER stop growing! They never stop evaluating, learning, asking, failing, & trying." -Michael Chowning
not sure. If I do it wont be until after summit. We're going to Hawaii then a week back home then right to summit.
Each wrinkle in the face tells a story.
I can't believe what just happened on
i need to get serious about running. i'm getting lumpy.
I always say how I don't need you but it's always gonna come right back to this...
I'm thinking about joining the IKA
Last day to vote for us to play Edgefest! Thanks to everyone who voted daily. We should find out Monday if we are playing.
yup! What u into?
Last Thought For The Day: Don't ever apologize for your greatness. Be humble but don't hide your greatness. The world needs it.
It never ends
I was just plotting grilled steak dinner plans. M...
RT : Once you accept who you are, you become a better person
RT To the world you may be just one person, but to one person you may be the world...
I know you not skippin out on me and geology...
1 more week until CLASS DAY&2 more weeks until GRADUATION....
Let's trend #thankyouariangrande ? Who's with me?
"The cost of education stagnation is too high." Typical US 12th grade classroom reads books 4 yrs behind. Via
Sidekick 4G for sale. Pretty much bran new. Let me kno... Have the pre paid sim card too jus needa turn it on
it's 4 in the morning, perhaps I will try sleeping.
If i'm sitting right there, and you have the audacity to talk about me why would you not say it to my face?
girl you know what it is
i love the guy u interview with the gangsta voice. normally i agree with him. not expecting GDP as anemic as he forecasts.
sure. send me an email to
thanks George
I'm in p.e. bored :c
Massage can promote tissue regeneration, reducing scar tissue and stretch marks
Lol, hey I hear that. *Cheers*
Happiness is not having what you want, but wanting what you have. ~Rabbi H. Schachtel
Be careful what you wear to bed at night, you never know who you'll meet in your dreams :)
I'm a goner
well shes in enrichment so it dont matter.
Pretty sure the only reason it hasn't been called yet is they haven't determined what to do when they call it.
Thanks for the follow, looking forward to your wine tweets!
"Im renting DVD's by mail" Me: eww that is so last year!
Alot of things has been changing n i dnt fucking like it one bit at all !!
Auditions this Saturday, May 28th at COCA (Council on Culture & Arts) from 10a-3p! Looking forward to meeting everyone.
Wells Fargo Bank in Carbondale robbed - Glenwood Springs Post Independent
should come back to US Market
Yes!! #iscreamforcream RT : I WILL BE THERE!!!!
Thanks to everyone who made #JamesBrownGeorgetown a success. It was a truly enriching event
Truth is a deep kindness that teaches us to be content in our everyday life and share with the people the same happiness. Khalil Gibran
Holy crap, dude.
never postpone a wake & bake, it's unethical.
hehe puberty, maybe u did something wrong.
Now at 367. Wow!
Daily GTKY question: What are you doing for Super Bowl?
for real? where at?
Haha.. burpees can suck a dick, though.
Join for "Conflict Free Campus Break Out" in rm 5 going on rift now.
Decent #Madoff interview on #60minutes. Perhaps Ruth and sons didn't know, but they are still living the high life, and that is not right.
Agreed. RT Great job at #TechPoint this morning
My eyes are so foggy right now. Ugh
we're awesome.:)
I live going to orange leaf too ha ha!!
Barack Hussein Obama always despised the CIA and the military. Now he's taking credit for their hard work. What a fool and joke you are.
Thanks for the follow! Any plans for the weekend?
In line for outside the show. Ah...LA.
My philosophy: The best negotiations are when both sides come away feeling like they have won.
As an avatar it could offer a neat ambivalence: "One day I'm a crafty crow, the next day a tragically eviscerated bunny"
I would so much rather listen to all the players mic'd up than Reggie Miller complain about the dunk contest all night
A loving heart is the beginning of all knowledge. ~Thomas Carlyle
i'd think the bar name 'Heavy Fossils' would have been a clue!!! :)
I need to go kiss my posters now... Okay no, I need to do homework. How can I do work like this? Ugh, I'll cop it tomorrow.
Wrong sport, Ron Artest
To the World, you might be one person; But to one person you might mean the World ;)
Hi! Your publish rocks and is often a very good understand!
About 2 miles from where we got married
ok get them then
Marty's (take your pick here) older, fatter, slower...
Damn this dude took those shots like a beast...he lost but damn
OPEN REHEARSAL AT 3PM THIS SUNDAY. MURPHY FINE ARTS CENTER (Morgan State University) STRING PLAYERS FEEL FREE TO DROP IN/JOIN US!!!
I have mastered the art of treading the fine line between 'asshole' and 'douchebag'.
RT : You know i really want to forget... But if i do. How will i remember you?
#TOPMUSIC Multi-platinum alternative rock band Deftones have announced a summer tour supporting System Of A Down. The two-week summer jau
We loved him. Looking forward to hearing the new song.
Sure did (:
There should also be one for #MyCrazyCat - MY crazy cat tries opening doors and has gotten pretty good at it. :)
Damn auto correct. It's a calf's heart!
Baking a cake for the first time in a couple months since my brother bday. Used to make them things everyday lol.
haha perfect. I will let you know once make the purchase. Yes, pink slips. Paul walker style.
I'm sure it's real tough to get around that, huh?
OMG. FOUR MORE FOLLOWERS TILL I GET 500. :D
‎5 year olds prayer..."and Lord forgive us our trash baskets as we forgive those who put trash in our baskets."
im def in the A
: Round 2: Tuesday night we will play McKinney North at Wylie Stadium. Game is scheduled for 6:00pm. We will wear white.
You was just waist of time .
It's Thirsty Thursday!!!!! Enjoy a Strawberry Stinky Gringo tonight to celebrate :)
When the supermoon hits your eye like a big pizza pie...thats annoying...
I will buy you another Texas Longhorn shirt when you get to Austin!!!
USC, UCLA, Berkeley, ...maaaayyybe Yale? Or miami ad school for a certificate in Art Direction for advertising.
Just watched my idol on Punk'd with and AND ZOE AND COURT! <3
Debating if I should make a glam st pattys day outfit....
We are not loved because we are valued; we are valued because we are loved. William Sloan Coffin
yes sir, but who are we kidding their all leaving :-)
Follow the amazing cause he will rock your timeline <333
It can't be that bad. Try 4 kids, by yourself for 8 hours. The fun part is when they all start fighting. Good luck.
<thanks for the FF
Don't understand Mike? It's a great great show - deserves praise - not a fan? Or have not watched?
If you don't mind me asking, where are you headed to school?
aww thnks for the S/O babes , && im not mean im jus real !
In expressing love we belong among the undeveloped countries.~~~Saul Bellow
i might fight for u i might not it all depends
hey there! My first show with was Aug10 which was my last time on stage...getn ready for this comp season ,its time!
But nevertheless less I love the new song it's called 'someone better'
Not safe: Access Facebook, Yelp And Google From Car’s Dashboard
The movie Biutiful is sad . . so sad . . .exhausting (subtitles to read) . . . but I can't look away . . . it's good
Oh snaps!! Dana is on twitter now!! :p lol...wait u're engaged? Since when? Man working so much has put me behind on news -_- lol
thanks for the mention!
who u talkin bout jess
Gotta be crafty when shopping at Aldi. If a box is less than 50% full, it will be emptied and it will become mine.
"The first thing that could happen is for them to say no." Best advice given. I wouldn't know where I'd be without that wisdom.
Miss you guys. Must make my way down there soon!
Wing night at cleats #bitchin'
Having a curvy body is the best ✌
Glad I stayed for some Mariano action. Yeah boy!
just chilling out tonight :) then exam review tomorrow lol
These hoes will make ya dang a lang sting like a match. You'd rather be safe than sorry, keep ya shit in ya draws !
O.o She started it.
that's what makes the class great, we set him up to make fun of us
I thought in Spring there was no better place than AbstractFactoryProxyBeanFactory?
Thanks so much. And likewise.
Does anyone else find it unsettling to see significant political news along side entertainment industry gossip on the Huff Post site?
Tania is my nigga man i love this chick...
Resistance is. Dumb.
2-day "flash sale" Gallery, 231 N. 76th St., Thurs. & Fri. More than 200 oils including bankruptcy art at reduced prices.
Start off round 2 with a loss, but that is ok. We'll get 'em back.
Or just post it and send the links. Duplicate content is a Google no-no :-) I'll work out something, a round-up or ??
I picked the wrong episode to try to get back into
A babysitter is a teenager acting like an adult while the adults are out acting like teenagers. ~ Anonymous
What I just found out<<<<<<<
OK, It's time. From now on I'll tweet
just sat
um Austin replied, he just said that no one cared anymore. Idk what that means but yea
Just agreed to stay up until sunrise.
The tyrant doesn't care he ruins lives. He is simply happy he can do so without consequence.
RT : Did you see Toy Story 3? Catch the original Sat. night at our Dive In Movie series!
Wherever you go, go with all your heart. -Confucius
8 hour push again today. con law exam tomorrow.
- the spread is based on the horizontal stretch of formations to stress the defense in the run and pass game...
lol- I was probably there; big fan for 20 yrs. She's a pretty consistent performer. It was a lot of fun, excellent food at venue.
It'll be later in April...and we'll dish about it soon! PROMISE! So excited to have you!
Bob Taylor liked the film! Spent a fantastic day and night with Bob.
Thanks for the retweet! Hope to see you there! :)
one of the worst ways to hit on someone is asking "how can someone so beautiful be single?"
I LOVE her fashion and I would love to meet her & possibly raid her closet=) lol Dolly definitely a
Stress, stress everywhere. Jugar algo de
please could i get a follow for my birthday<3 it would mean the world to me<33
Great! Let us know how things turn out.... RT : Yes, thanks! 's in charge now.
Why awake? Ugh.
lol dang I thought his shit was colored too
No Problem .
Yep! Depending on the size of the team, fundraising program etc... we give our coaches free passes.
,Hey i love you.
Mean the WORLD to me if I got a follow back.. </3
Happy Birthday Frances Perkins! alumna, first woman in the cabinet, and namesake of one of the best movie character ever.
With ordinary talent and extraordinary perseverance, all things are attainable.
The new demo is recorded. we're less than 24 hours from our 1st live #jamsession in 2012! Can't wait!
S/O goes to the ever so gorgeous ===> <=== for following back, What's good tho talk to me I talk back lol
I like it cause its true. #MittsUnfit RT: : I like it as a meme.
just cleared space in my room for your poster. RT THIS IF YOUR HAND HURTS FROM SINGING ALL OF THEM <3
promise ring my butt ... you know who i'm talking boutt. SMH.
IM ON THE PHONE READING MY SCRIPTS. THANKS BITCHES!!
"Oral health: a window to your overall health" - Mayo Clinic Take control of your oral health: www.closys.com
Deuce has had a better club career abroad for sure, but Landon will be a US Soccer legend and Clint will be "really good."
You seem really excited about that...
we are tweeting with some kind of generous got her GED before riding a
Crazy is, crazy does! RT : Crazy people need to stick together. Who else would understand?
Might as well leave it up, almost halfway there.
Who is stopping my team right now lol
“: you're perfect in my own little world”
KEEP CALM AND EAT A CUPCAKE!!!
With your sophomoric arguments, please don’t saddle our kind, turn your eyes into accoutrements, dj music will expanded your mind.
I have been here quite a few times. It is good.
After I left... Can't find anything I LOVE lately. Doesn't stop me from continuing to try :-)
My dress came today!!! Cannot wait to try it on!! Thank You Jesus! :-)
Happy Mother's day to all of my Mom friends out there! Especially to
Happ Mother's Day to your mom,She gave the world the best gift,you! I love u Janet!!
yes, the instructions say put "0" if age is less than one
Thank you!
gonna call it a night,shower then gonna go to bed. i think 11:11 does make some wishes come true♥
Did you know? It's completely Free to work with a Realtor. You don't pay us, the landlord/property owner does.
You helped me get over my dads cancer, and helped me stay happy. Love you. #MuchLove <3
I like cuddling wit him :)
I haven't talked about it because it really freaks me out. I just couldn't find the words before.. but I have them now. Some sad shit.
Normal is So over rated. We go above normal 2 KrAzY
Ima bring hot chips tomorrow :) I'm not Sharing
kill it with gin
OMG OMG OMG I can breathe again.
Nashville here we come! Well, one of these days maybe. Thanks so much for being a loyal AmazonFresh customer.
EG to be honored at City Hall this AM for 6 strong years as Council President. We'll be there.
Why thank you! Nice to hear because sometimes I'm not proud but I think that's just how life goes sometimes.
The conclusion of chapter two!--two new pages today at www.rocketrobinson.com
Hello...""Appetite for Life" by Noel Riley Fitch
The invite season is just getting started! Never fear!
Welcome home, Justin!
The future of medicine? Follow for latest on DNA sequencing and clinical applications
There always seem to be three witches around every cauldron ;)
"Dwarf blood diamonds." Awesome!
Dude responded to my comment with his number, offering to give me the "truth" about Alamo. I called him, he paused, then hung up.
“: #LibraHumor can range from silly and ridiculous to dry & sarcastic.”
Who wants my 10,000 tweet!!!??? Ill make it amazing
I give up . . . I gotta do something different now.
Said it all my life, been spending all this time, see every time I see you, it's just enough.Cause you & I were meant to be together in love
okay, sounds great!! 😊
It is unfulfilled dreams that keep you alive. -Robert Schuller
If wifey has a full-time job too.
#Tebow is like the bizarro Lebron, he must have traded all his 4th quarters in for
thank you Kayo, welcome back
Bitch you don't know me. I don't know what makes you think otherwise.
Steve Hinson trips on a Halloween decoration at the studio and - "Bobby, get my phone! I've got Bart Durham on speed dial!"
oh thats ok, its fine :)
So #Redsox pitchers have there thumbs up their ass!!!
practice, practice, and no worries - you shine through any spelling mistakes
And I hate Missouri! But I just can't trust docs in my home state any more.
The pressure's on . . .“: Since is in this #blend12 session . . . letting her do all the heavy tweeting...”
So bored./:
Boxers or briefs?
Let it Beer! Beatles and Beer all day. Just tapped Weyerbacher Old Heathen Imperial Stout. A naughty little beer.
Yep, just filmed a river boat rescue watched A jet ski get rolled and camera and sound guy get sprayed with a ten foot wall of water! Epic!
Very cool what your son says about autism. I agree "autism doesn't have me." Would be fun to meet your family someday.
I'm such a baby when it comes to being sick. All I want is to be held and massaged and spoon fed..
Oh right, this is what winter feels like... Staying cold through the weekend. I'll have details coming up on 10TV at 6!
You're welcome and congratulations! Looking forward to having you at future #sschat s
naw bro kobe finna takeover.. You kno its gonna Lakers & Celtics in the NBA playoffs
Two out of two strangers in the movie theater agree, they could totally hear me crying during a mumblecore comedy starring Jason Segel.
RT : Whatever that huge thing is called that confuses me in multiple ways throughout the day... U mean Taylor??
Underground Kings 👑
This fool just peeped at my ballot b4 he told me to put in the counter. Da Fuck
Swwwwwweeeet. Getting shit faced tonight bitches.
Hey dick head. Get a life. Its a game.
what happened w the chair?
Of course, I'm just assuming Charlie Sheen has seen movies like Casablanca... that might be a big assumption.
can someone please build a beach in charlotte? dang.
LMAO! RT“: Tah, if my nudes got out I'd embrace that shit. I look damn good naked. #holla”
Cool off with Rock Concert Violinist Aaron Meyer from 6 - 9 tonite! Visit firstthursdayportland.com for more info!
Emotions suck ain't no need for them
What's this then?
Was a life-changing year, I'm not gonna lie. Couple of interesting surprises at the end.
Can't spell Elite without Eli lol
Hi just woke up again
Looks like we have a thunderstorm in #Mequon! Stop by Sydney b. and get great raingear for the kids! Raincoats, Boots, and Umbrellas!
& now that we're together I'm happier than ever
So a baby squirrel just tried to attach me and my cat! Me and Azul were not having it though!!!
Damn! Apparently one of the old guys that lived together on Swamp People died today, Mitchell. I'll be damned.
There Are Millions Of People In This world, But In The end It All Comes Down To One
i prob am..
I had difficulties logging on! I Would love a burrito
Finally saw "Night at the Museum 2." Utter silliness, but so much fun on a summer's day. Ben Stiller can guard my museum any day. What?
Out drinking w coworkers even tho I'm still not feeling myself. I want what I had back. I'll be home soon thinking about the good times.
Girls are just girls, you don't need to understand them or make any so called theories regarding them, just enjoy and NOTICE their presence.
lol u should have went
Great to hear from you!! Hope training is going well, thank you for all of the mentions! :)
I love u more❤
hi you rep the west
Here comes the boom, with Kevin James. Ill be super famous soon.
I've realized I never know.
well obvo because we arent having a real one im just messing around there big girl
It's been almost 48 hours that I'm 18 years old and I haven't once been naked. BRB.
#confessionnight - I love ; THERE I SAID IT ! haha ;3
Headed out this week to NYC and then Port Au Prince Haiti...I'm nervous about at least one of the two...
I grew up around my dad who was always doing IPOs and managing his own investments. I need to learn more!
lol, I didn't think you were coming to the #Midyear ball. I'll email u re getting together
No, it's logic.
Watch Brian Halligan & Dharmesh Shah as they share business insights to grow your company!
we both had so much fun. Thank you!
Thanks! I didn't realize you were admissions! Must follow. :)
#GenCon #Indy fans: Be sure to check your coupon book for your Chick-fil-A offer. We're in the food court of the Circle Centre Mall.
I saw a werewolf drinking a piña colada at Trader Vic's, his hair was perfect!
Albert Einstein
Since February 28th, according to my pocket diary.
I need to work on this! RT: : Patience is the art of concealing your impatience. — Unknown
thanks 4 the S/o
teehee thats my pic from last night ^-^ I know when i saw this it made me proud xx
my mama bought watermelon...
The 2 part SPOT test can be used to screen prospective employees & to gauge the need for company-wide ethical training/individual counseling
NCAA East Regional games on Thursday. We'll have your drinks and meals ready whenever you stop on by!
Prob bout to think hard bout dis I wanna go back
Better to be hurt by the truth than comforted with a lie
Found the Margaritaville Island Lime Tequila at Kelly's. Thanks.
Tonight's win in NY26 has more to do w/ braisen GOP tactics to cut #Medicare than Dems vision. Good news - voters won't tolerate
how is it so far???
Food: "FINISH ME!"
if it was an accident and you hit someone in face, wouldn't you apologize and look concerned?
my sock tan, farmers tan, and neck tan line is straight #rediculous lol
Bryan Stow Writes His Name
I hope makes it back before tipoff
Male Actor in a TV movie or miniseries goes to... Paul Giamatti for "Too Big to Fail". Another hit as far as I'm concerned
Your program sounds fantastic. Let's connect.
#FF and -- these girls blogs keep me motivated, laughing, and most importantly #running!
I am who I say I am dnt b nobody but yourself everyone else is taken!!
Ah only 364 days till my favorite holiday again!!!!
well Jesus, welcome to Twitter : ) If you have any tips on healing my pelvic fracture, send 'em my way.
I give it about another week unless he turns it around soon.
Good morning texts are my favorite 😊
Accident 279S just b4 Camp Horne exit. Traffic on 79S moving but slow all the way back to at least Wexford.
I'm watching GA tonight and i swear you're wearing a avenged sevenfold belt buckle, but i could be mistaken. If so \m/
Watching 90210 and i hate cheaters
Stick with it--- you can do it! :) #HCG #weightloss RT This hcg/low calorie diet thing will be the death of me.
UK all day
Politics. I'm sure he's not the only one who's done it. 320 schools, Sparks!! Big to-do over nothing IMO.
Shoutouts to , Thanks for retweets kind sir!!
sorry Rossignol is the right spelling
This joint was supposed to start at 7pm. I guess were on CP time.
you're in dude. drive with me and split the cost. i'm not trying to spend tonz of cash
Cenic issue now resolved. UC Berkeley network reachability should be back to normal.
well I think the Outlook really embodies the essence of an ethical work environment, dont you agree?
with her when she wants to hangout with someone else.. Like shes lied before & canceled our plans THE NIGHT BEFORE TEENHOOT (c)
ready to start this day with a cup of #coffee and celebrating
hi sleep???
A thousand words but none were spoken.
That is what I like to here. Don't stop, you'll get there
Woo woo *! RT I can't wait till MIAMI plays! gonna do some work tonight!
really just two big hit away.
okay, I'll bite... Why must you be TB- to teach OL? Who created the regulation?
If you've read JASMINE ABSOLUTE, we'd appreciate a review on Amazon or Goodreads.
we're live at 5pm! SD's grossmont college! $5 ! great cause!
lol shut up ☺☺
Ugh so dehydrated right now.
Hudson Valley, SoCal/Salton Sea, NV, Iceland, Sweden, Delaware, NJ, NEPA, Central PA, NC. I find things wherever I go.
Firegirl by Tony Abbott: Burned girl makes one friend.
Don't need the pin if they run it as credit though right?
Use #FEED on your Instagram photos. Will be printed and posted at Arthouse ATX for
OMG it's Batman...nevermind, just Kobe Bryant in a black mask.
for those wondering that's a podcast reference. Download the show to get the reference.
long story.
nnaah I was (doing nasty things) with my bf and I couldn't get in cause I got here to late
Same. I just started making room for it in my daily or weekly intake.
Ask the Texas Rangers. :)
Nothing excites me more than Sweet Disposition by the Temper Trap.
So gorgeous!
Taking care of biz during the #wssmiami lunch break!
Great play by Cesar, great finish and speed by Teal. 1 Colorado 0
I'm boyfriend number 2 .And I know you like it freaky .So im gonna give it to you (:
When dealing with a bitter person makes sure you don't become one too, it's contagious!
Just 24 hours until and I are at "The Hunger Games" premiere! May the odds be ever in your favor.
Re: amazed. Uh huh. Esp. as an old man Gen Xer with real memories of hw it used to be :)
I wanna create sweet musical noises.
"You read my diary?" "At first i did not know it was your diary, I thought it was a very sad handwritten book"
Hey Michael. Sorry, no tease. This is real life, I think. I'll work on the songs thing.
you so sweet Leesha Ben!! Lucky the interview went well. :)
OR COFFEE AND SUGAR FILLED COOKIES
In his history of SI - The Franchise - Michael MacCambridge bemoaned a dawning "orgy of saturation [sports] coverage." It was 1997. Scary.
The sun is out and it's glorious *puts Louis shades on*
I'm just F'n wit ya
we enjoyed your performance!
Thanks!! RT “: Happy birthday !”
Realest Quote of The Day So Far.
Speaking of... The WWII memorial is way too fascist looking for my taste. Why use the iconography of Albert Speer? Defeats the purpose, no?
hey boo! Imma need ur address soon so I could send u my wedding invite! Omfg Annie I'm getting MARRIED!!  Lol txt me it!!
I'm going alone too! Lol
morning dollies! time to get to work today #finals are on their way :(
Beautiful day in #NOLA! Swirly of over to Pinkberry for a treat to make the day even brighter!
The news just hit the wire and the word is out Jethro is the sponsor of Elite BASS Pro Brandon Card - L & G's Elvis has left the building !!
hey u should perform in newark and follow mhe plz...i will like to braid ur hair one day lol
Get ready for a new episode of #NashvilleNights tomorrow night with ! Tune in!
I really love it when code comes together. :-)
I'm on it.
Boom! I just got FREE Sliders from for joining #CraverNation. Yes, I know, I'm a little over-excited about this.
oh looool so what's your name ?
Jordan remember my money on Monday.
RIP Etta James, you were truly a legend.
eflorida Innovation Monthly Newsletter - August 2010
what happen tell me cuz i didnt follow them plzzzz tell me !!:)
wayne got direct tv lol
UDSIS will be offline for scheduled maintenance tomorrow morning and early afternoon
I'm in one of those emo Moods where I'm like FML
yeah, it is 63!
what you get for me?
Writing amazingness with and Patti Maloney!!
*HOME ALONE* hm I hope the neighbors like THIS SONG
vegetable gardening tips
I went to church Sunday & the pastor preached about sex & waiting. Now I feel even worse about myself than I do after a one night stand.
Loiter squad
for sure...I have no doubts
Thank You. Love the Fans
Happy Mother's Day to all of the wonderful moms out there.
All best to your parents! (please excuse typo in earlier tweet)
sounds nice! My night was wonderful :) went to a show,saw one of my bestfriends play tonight.
Well today was an eventful day. Not the best. Not the worst. Can't complain:)
RT : It's rally day. Fired up. -bo
RT : If you become close to someone in a short period of time, be on the look out. A true friendship takes a while to develop.
Know who your true friends are.
Kellen Winslow is a soldier, and Nevin Shapiro is an idiot
- May 23, will be the release of the video, I will keep that in mind no doubt!!
everybody do the tips! you gotta do somthin new
yes we talked a little this morning :) its nice to able to talk to everyone
Why can't people just accept all body shapes? There's no such thing as a 'perfect figure'.
The push to name the house to the landmark list follows an attempt to turn it into 12 apartments.
Happy New Year to all of my fellow photographers, friends & family... all models in their own way.
Time to rest these eyes!
Rucker & Williams are former draft picks of the Browns. Never panned out.
They're callin' you out! RT : Will someone please do something cool and bookish with a menorah?
Am I the only that likes to cheer people up?
tyler puttin in work in the 1st half
Great day of learning about all the free educational resources available through
Won our soccer game!!! 7-0 yeah buddy
Everyone have a great day
Samuel Jackson on Pulp Fiction >>>>
WTF! That is a serious offense RT A coworker ruined the end of the Bachelor for me this week. Ugh.
Thank you to all of the most amazing vendors, awesome musicians and lovely folks who made it out to The Crafty Underdog show yesterday!
Just had a client tear up (good) when we explained the wireframe and creative concept of their site. Doesn't get much better than that.
its said i got to tell that bitch stfu lol get off twitter fake ass
A kiss to build a dream on
I believe in
Coffeed-up for a big day today follow for details
Scarfing down an AMAZING breakfast sandwich from !
Fine! Let him come find me! RT : I think Gronk may have something to say about that.
You are the best thing thats ever been mine!!(:
Rule #1 of today's web development... Do NOT have music auto-playing on your website. Not cool and very 1999ish.
Trust is like a mirror... when you break it, you can fix it, but it takes time and when it is finally fixed, there will always be cracks.
Education is a process of living, not preparation for future living -John Dewey
friend, this is not what drags you drunk from the bar, but the one that creeps close!)))
Maybe if the goal was larger, I could score. Though probably not. Hopefully I never have to defend my home and loved ones with a wrist shot.
Watching Tiger play live in Australia on Network 10.
Oops! Sorry!
We remember you girly! How could we forget!? We had so much fun with you guys, can't wait to see you this summer!
Went thru the bottom
more Dino BBQ? We caught your show on Friday. Come dj wifey's party. MSG me
You gain intelligence by seeking it outside of classrooms.
RT : we heard your breakout session 4 Social Media 4 logistics was amazing. Well Done!
Need Tons & Tons of Prospects? Use this SECRET in *EBAY*
what did the buffalo say to his son. When he left for college?
Also video to your 1/4 tweet-:9/11Memorial Museum plans to engage - has notice "password protected" when clicked.
you're seriously one of my favorite people ever! I'm not just saying that. If we lived in the same city, we'd SO bffs!
Obstacles to digitization of all library collections? Lack of funding, rights clearance, organizational obstacles, fear of asserting fairuse
Got some questions that you have been dying to ask? Ask the EC of PSI, Inc. today! Submit your questions to .
did the study say anything about bacteria spread when meat is first put in plastic bags before going in the reusable bag?
I just saw socks and sandals guy. I swear, it was him. Wool shin high with Kee ns.
can you follow me back? :)
One more hour then i can go home and write, woo hoo
Well, from what I remember, they de-emphasize self-reliance and self-congratulation. Self-trust even.
really enjoyed playing tonight~hate the power went out b4 SOMEBODIES DARLING performed. i will catch u all again promise
yes I know ' don't have time for nothing now that I had the baby
Some kids need to
I'm definitely interested, but has been under the weather the past couple days so I think we're going to play it by ear.
are you ready for some football?
Ha...agree. Thank God I have the mini people on my side. I'll bring snacks!!!!!!!
that someone even wants me to do it is why I love you guys! umm... you complete me?
Hadis going to be 4 in 4 days. ;o #WOAH He's growing up so fast. :')
When we, the believers, have faith in God, all of the surrounding people receive the benefits..
Oh dear! Sorry tweeps for all the weight loss tips I apparently issued this morning. I've reset my password so I hope the hacking is over!
Lactaid milk= the democratization of calcium. I forgot how much I missed being able to drink milk!
last session on WWU's Viking Village online forum. Hoping for tips on our planned virtual Research Commons
Kid to dad: if they put a commercial on tv, it must not be any good. If it was good, they shouldn't have to advertise it.
I'm digging this ending to the Grammys.
I will anchor.
Awesome! Thanks! I dig Joe Purdy too....
yea that would be bad
yo. Why didn't anyone tell me peezy was on TV today? I thought it was tomorrow smh #fml and he's hoopin+trending?
Getting a mortgage can be tough these days -- even people with near-perfect credit
I wondered about this point--who is choosing the selection of books on these tablets?
Oh God, barfing………….
thanks. So far so good. How does Ebook apply to the Construction industry??
Dear #DowntownDining, Thank You! :)
Thank you!! :)) RT : Happy Birthday liwat kay
Well I was thinking that I could have worst mottos..:D
Good morning
Hi Paula-The first episode was so great! Still thinking about that cab ride! Really excited about tonight's episode as well
xD lmao eww it did , but you know what i mean .
It's a beautiful night out & we are here to serve you until 10PM with hot drinks & Everything on SALE 10-50% OFF. Come on OUT, shop,...
How do we get learners to apply it? -motivate them, add social component, model it, just do it, recruit champions
Nobody said nothing they just let Tami take that lady purse. A real friend r an associate would have said Tami u tripping bitch.
RT : #wearing blk/pink/tangerine (not too) minidress, blush patent pumps, vintage jewels (MIL, mom-mom, H)
camera system currently installed.....i love it now stay the fuck away from my door, bitch!
I get out from school on June 15. Can't believe one of my best years in school is coming to an end..
Why the assumption that I'm not fasting?
Anything Alex Award-winning is always a safe bet and very often standalones.
What is it?
well baxter can get into the fridge to eat the whole wheel of cheese
I am glad that the Libyan people freed themselves today and got rid of #Gadhafi It's amazing what people can do.
Bar la Grassa tonight, 90 degrees, dresses from - tonight is going to great!
Hrm. Well, I'm glad you got it to work. Wish I knew what the issue was, though.
then get me Gingerbread for my Droid X
Play me on Draw Something. I'm "KristenHH"
felt nothing in San Diego.
RT : Engineering & Humanity Week 2011 will bring to life examples of how innovative engineering and design are begi… (cont)...
i can listen to the same song for hours, you know. until i get tired of it & find a new one lol
Must be the feeling
haha, yeah watched Jennifers body few minutes ago ^^ .. do u know good movies dude ? ;)
And also almost every way in which they currently structure social society for only their extremely selfish type.
Music is not take it or leave it. Music is life or death
my mother: "you're not fat...just ugly" my brother: "i think she's a little bit of both"
Did that really just happen?
I'm watching the sun rise over the Cascade Mountains - what a great way to start the day. May even see Mt. Ranier if the rain holds off.
Girls who always have wet hair in the morning.
State of emergency lifted amid Pa. stun gun probe
cant sleep for shit
Red Raider Donut Dash This Morning!!! Come and Run with us or Watch and Have a great Time!!!
i ALMOST had an interaction with that fake
Lol yea . But yo U wanna txt me?
is the best 3B in the NL. He is answering EVERY test. The other side is a product of the
I can't wait!
you guys are the cutest :)
they are extremely comfortable.
W00t. Warming trend on tap for this weekend with temperatures climbing into the 70s! Thanks !
Great strategy. Keep fans constantly engaged by having social media accounts for your characters.
3 PM coffee, y'all.
RT: "Being a grown-up is an exceedingly complicated undertaking." Just defining what 'grown-up' means, is taxing!
Follow me please, I'm a good actress
If we spoke a different language, we would perceive a somewhat different world. ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
what r u guys gtting ready for? lol
Can't wait!
- you can't race fast by training slow...
how have you been?
I miss all my Ball State friends!!!
RT : "theo it's Ruben.we'll sign Lee away from Yanks if u take Blanton." "ok" "theo we signed Lee.U still want Blanton...
its ok
thanks, ill give people alittle more time then ill think about that
Thank you very much. :)
I've been so terrible about tweeting lately. Life has been insane. Hopefully things get back to normal soon.
for eva yung....
Jammin' to the new #Tanlines album in the office right now! It's really great and up on #Spotify!
Robin Green~ I have seen men fly bombers with their faces half- blown away. Youre going to allow a few algebra formulas to ground you
. Thank you. I didn't know this. See I put a period in front. :)
thank you for follow me
I noticed ur new book Flavor First has ORAC values. How would u explain what that is 4 those who may not know?
I wish I was musically talented and could write songs about how amazing you are.
plus i have work in the morning.
old school fridays at this spot in montclair..so much fun!
hey babe:-) am I your Valentine Candice
I'm sorry I missed your reply yesterday! Meet you at the poster session?
That feeling you get when, his name shows up on your phone.
class. making up for lost sleep. band practice!
i thought the DP would b better never done it b4 so hay might well give it a try
#xbox360. Tanks so weak. Aircraft so weak my guns don't act the same.. my mg36 can't place my shots nemore. Just not liking
We loved having you! Thanks, and Happy St. Patrick's Day!
Looking to try something new? Try GNC’s new line of sports formulas, “Beyond Raw”! Check out “Re-Built Mass”, “Refine”, and “Ravage”!
what's your number? :)
Good to see the Harris brother back with the fleet last night.
3D imax or normal screen?
Beautiful day in #Denver #Colorado!! Sunny and 60 degrees!! Getting excited for #baseball and summertime!!!
#TopLies...... i have read the terms and agree to following pshhh THEY LIED.!!! ctfu
Watching the snow fall. There's a foot on the ground and 6-12 predicted for tomorrow.
i was getting there
Looks like we're already following you! :D
i showed my bestfriend when i look at you by miley cyrus she didnt like it a few weeks later at a sleepover with our other bestie
try QuickDraw to aim down... That's how I've seen people use it... Good luck
I believe that's part of R.I.C.E. that we were taught in the army.
"Over the years I have learned that what is important in a dress is the woman who is wearing it." —Yves Saint Laurent
Best tweet I've read yet!
OMG that was our favorite last night
Covering the Milwaukee mayoral race tonight. Newcomer McDonald taking on Barrett.
High Point Christian School Auction happening this Saturday at 6pm!
It is very important to build solid back linking for the advantage of the visitors. High quality links can add more value to your website.
Today is friday the 13th!? uh oh!
good thing I have Netflix I mean
Good morning beautiful people!!!
Who's ready to get a 1 this upcoming week?
Watching one of my students in the grad school program demonstrate his culinary ability on the rhode show!;) nice...
Yeah for sure. Zuck made a note of that in his update on his Timeline, because it definitely seems that way!
RT : #CHIP vote 3rd anniv. tomorrow – thanks for your vote to #InvestInKids & cover millions of
the Bengal house!
Mariners trying to give the game away in Cleveland.
Not surprised to hear baby boomers talking about health care and future of social security.
Nap. Studying more anatomy. Nap. Studying
Yes, we're excited for Max's return to our weekly TV lineup. :)
(John W. Raper) Hit the ball over the fence and you can take your time going around the bases.
Peach or Red Berry? hm
Cold air good for the ol lungs. Hot yoga tomorrow!
none of my hw will ever get finished if I was still working out here with that ho bag in Monterey.
beach weekend was cold, windy and rainy, but it was great to get outta the district :-) how was NYC?
lol I hope that's a spray tan tho
:/ tell him i hope he feels better. I have had 4 concussions. He will be ok
#NHL Congrats to Winnipeg!! Jets should have never moved in 1st place. Maybe Quebec will get the Coyotes next year.
Heh, that's my ritzy name for me being an utter sloth.
Looks like Skynet is back up...
Twitter ain't ready for my drunk tweets. Oh well here goes nothing
I'm
thanks for your support!
Time for some weekend fun! The most high energy party in #Pittsburgh happens Some tables still avail -
Looking for a nutritionist in #SanDiego. Any recs?
<3 feel better punk
oh yeah
hey, it's about time you get on
Clones are people two.
I loved the new episode of BTR<3 I'm so excited about this season! Glad to see its back ^-^
Today is National Random Acts of Kindness Day! Put 2 quarters in the meter for someone ......What's your random act of kindness?
This Thanksgiving we are thankful for a new co-founder , our wonderful advisors , and
Im going to get a beat machine bruh!
Time to turn on the creative machine and turn off the social media distractions. Have a great day!
Terror of Mechagodzilla.
nah Mr. Romo stayed in texas
I agree, perl is more diy versus ruby's prefab approach. Have you every seen a flatpak home? google it, #perl is like that.
Before I speak, I have something important to say -- Groucho Marx
What it do ? Followback
shut up man
"Can I change the future? Ha..." hilarious! #ompf #newplay (watching now!)
U2 with or with out you SO SICK! Club is Raging right now
I like fun reads! Thanks for these blips of info.
Can you recommend a file transfer program for securely sharing large business files with a colleague?
A limited number of tickets will be available beginning at 2 pm at the fest
Girls who wear white shorts>>
still in the studio with going stupid! Lol
Come warm up with our soup of the day hearty cream of chicken with rice. Or maybe our homemade tomato bisque.
While normal teenagers can't decide what party they should go to, Mahomies can't decide which flawless pic of Austin to put as their icon.
Hey there Good to new meet you! I like the Cobain quote. You listening to any good bands now, any recommendations.
is there vanilla ice cream to go with that!?!
I put the FUN in FUNeral!
The more you tell me how great something is the more childish I get and decide it must be awful
yumm you've got that right!
& I've got some nice stops along the way back "there" LOL. Much luv!
disappointing #SNL tonight. repeat sketches? usher whining? we need more will ferrel!
Happy Mothers day! I didn't # it because I don't love my mother enough to make her day trend.
- Yeah, I put "not an actual butcher" in my bio because I was getting a lot of follows from meat-type people. Which is fine
me to!
I like my panic attacks right on top of each other, just like my orgasms.
lol. I'm so sorry u got burned. But that silence of the lambs reference was perfect.
"'Do you have a cell phone?' Translation: I want your number but I don't want to make this awkward"
I think Deandre Jordan is more athletic than Dwight Howard.
fuck that kiss my ass
i love you kiddo <3
New beer menus arrived today. Know what that means? NEW BEERS! Lots of 'em. Watch this space, we'll update as we stock the coolers.
Negotiating around anatomic impediments: Tactile clues, bypass techniques, procedural flow
Big day in the world of #sports media RT : It's OFFICIAL. Today VERSUS becomes the NBC Sports Network.
still on for 10:30 tomorrow?
Wish I were there! Hope you guys had a good night
RT IF YOU KNOW HOW TO READ!
Longmont Plane crashes: 2 planes down. One crashed behind public works building. the other near County Line Rd and Great Western.
hope the weather isn't bad by you & you guys are covered & safe!
Indian summer in san clemente foreal
Has anybody ever noticed how similar Robert Downey Jr. and Jeffrey Dean Morgan look? Like seriously
Dont you be holding back your
I don't spoil these niggas
soon duh, im grounded to
will you play to "finish" it, or will you play as a loot collector?
Ah yes, got jury duty delayed for another two months!
too true!!
Merry Christmas!
#Relationshiptips -Give the other person some space. Seriously.
where you at bro?
RT : Congrats all Maine Teachers of the Year nominees. Great ceremony and dinner in Augusta these past two days!
when it comes to movies and TV what you see on the screen is fact for that story, you may not like it but you cannot deny it
All these girls in this room have tattoos... And thry all hoochies..
Finished 6 miles on the trail!!! And I'm feeling GREAT!!!! 👍😉
Severe weather moving into the Dallas Ft. Worth Metroplex. Mayfest is closed in advance of the storms.
I picked up some stuff at at the mall today, and I'm really excited to try the tinted moisturizer!!! <3 xx Elle
Robert Benchley~ Drinking makes such fools of people and people are such fools to begin with that its compounding a felony.
I answer to 'direction' like its my own name.
Later tonight if you're too tired from grilling, drinking beer, and having fun just order a pizza
Max out your company's 401k plan for matching contribution
😥😢😥 I'll be home soon. We have to hang out this week.
CAUSE i GOT FREDDiE LAST NAME...
Former Major League catcher (and former Met) Paul Lo Duca doing an excellent job covering horse racing on TVG,
all about that loyalty says alot
Night of Joy at Disney this weekend.
have fun! That's what this city is here for!!!
hey chicky I wonder if has herd bout that psycho Kelly cross on the fb claiming she's gonna move in w him lol
We're excited to be featured on tomorrow! Tune in at 12:00 for a tasty live demo for National Earth Month!
Thanks for the RT with the link! (cc: )
I have no bad habits, except for one ... wont be wrong in people .. Honestly, it would be better smoked.
this halloween i will BE ron swanson. you can take that to the cooked-rare steakhouse bank.
Begun the excitement has! ORIGAMI #YODA and DARTH PAPER STRIKES BACK author Tom #Angleberger here he will be this Saturday! 1:30pm!
Born and bred in the flatlands. We MKE Bears Fans are an underground cult. :)
Queue Melvin's quad No!
Thanks Dave! RT : New friends for #FF give them a follow!
Here for final rehearsal before showtime at 3p!!!
How do we setup the email forwarding system like we have had with packagetrackr?
Awesome rite in time for my birthday :) thanks Laura!
Thanks for lunch today Tim & Linda! Always great seeing you.
And BTW... Thanks for the appreciation. It's nice to know I gave up my job and a month away from my parents to help someone who doesn't care
haha no I'm headed downtown! We're barely moving on 90 it's terrible
it would be better if we were playing well, it's horrible! Miss ya mr smith
Can you believe we introduced our Hand-Spun Milkshakes only 5 years ago? What's your favorite flavor?
"Elisha had become sick with the illness of which he would die" (2 Kings 13:14) and to think, he had a double portion of the Spirit.
hahahaha that made my night
No I did not drive 20miles "just" for a nonfat iced chai latte. I picked up TP and diapers too.
She loves me! She loves me not! She loves me she will tell me when the time is right!
Auci about to explode, huge buys at the ask coming in.
send me something to my email
I hear I'm going to see just HOW delicious are... it's lunchtime...lol
Trying to explain Twitter to people who don't use it is exhausting.
God let me accept the things I cant change, courage to change things I can & the wisdom to know the difference.
Loves/Miss you status<3 RT : everyone follow lil miss sexy :)
The Sea Was Angry That Day
Got a pretty decent laugh upon waking up today- love startin out on the right side of the bed!
Cutler and Tommie Harris
I really need to marry quite soon!
“: Stevie G, you do a Rockytop cover last night?” yeah then we went into Tennessee Jed! lol
Yeah dude I could do something in DC around 1215-1230 or so. Thoughts?
My family just lectured me on doing good in school and to read because i suck at everything in life lol how boring
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY DARLING <3 I love you baby girl. Hope you had a wonderful day today! XO :)
Just another reminder...Monday a little after 5 pm, a concert announcement will be on! Don't forget to tune in! :)
Aw that sucks :/ Hope you feel better soon!
what happened?
Alec, I don't understand. Are you suggesting they are intellectual frauds, or do you assume that it's my position?
FIT2GO MENU OF THE WEEK – Yum dessert! This week’s menu includes granola with berry filling, cinnamon cheesecake, coconut muffins, peach...
Be on the lookout for Marcus Kidd. Awesome job!!!!
Correction... will be on with me next week on ! My bad...got my dates mixed up!
“To be alive is to totally and openly participate in the simplicity and elegance of here and now.” ~Donald Altman
its all good. I met someone at target in the tampon section. We're the same age so yeahh....im done!
Come hang with us! RT : I'm at for Dirty Water Fridays! Come play!
just made my night!!!
With all the new programs Indy Reads has added, we are going to need MANY more volunteers - 250 by the end of summer, as a matter of fact...
Happy new year to all!
Its only noon here and it feels like the day should be over! #genealogy is keeping me busy.
buying stupid shit on polk...
“: You are never too old for a Disney movie.” exactly!
order me one! Best picture ever.
bacon does indeed equal happiness. Well played.
": Wake up call America! is a badass!!!!" She was AWESOME!! A mini Miranda!!
At my grams house !
February 1948......NBC TV begins it's first nightly newscast...
music is the great communicator
Pain is weakness leaving the body.
Day off from work, up like I got something to do.
Chama Tap Room now. Was at I'll Vic Canteen.
My favorite part of twitter is reading and 's arguements
I would never eat a BLT. Who likes tomatoes anyway?
#Str8LykeDes... You still talking bout back but nigga I'm in the future goin inn...
Chase, when will you ever move on? She treats you like crap but yet you still talk to her..
The awkward moment when your walking a dog and it has to take a shit and realize you don't have a poop bag.
I am in las vegas B*tch!!!!! Waisteeeed!!!!
oh okay lol
Wuz good my bad I haven't been on my
Steak n' Shake
I need to get an Xbox again. I miss raping ppl in gears of war. :/
Are you in the main ballroom?
OK. So if Eagles win tonight, then beat Cowboys next week, Eagles have a true shot to win the division in final week.
Cant wait for my vacation.
WSJ's online voter guide gives me wrong information. Says I'm in ward 90, but I'm in 104.
SIS even though its bn yrs I still love you I mis u lots still cnt blve ur gone missing u like crazy praying 4 the day we r 2gether again LW
No, I did indeed expect it
Be as smart as you can, but remember that it is always better to be wise than to be smart. - Alan Alda
grown ass men should never know of his music!
I swear I think half your callers just got off the jerry springer show
*jumping up and down*
Getting really hungry while adding all of these good looking recipes.
Tired of crying.
Tigers had 100 opportunities to win this game, but too sloppy. That last second shot by MSU just sucked!
Hands down, I love Gwen and her fashion sense.
Had an awesome social meetup today!
I LOVE YOU TOO (:
country must be country wide
who goes too YES prep southeast campus ?? :))
RT : Hey how about an vs. Stanley Cup! Amen to that!
I vote for Miss Wisconsin.
Is it just me o boring na talaga ang facebook? Good thing there's Twitter. :)
yea I can't find anything else about it... we will see soon
Good idea.
and your show is getting great! loved the last episode w and #wepostedonourfbwall!
The Horror Palace Network kicks ass!!! Keep up the good work:-)
#atlanta_hawks Josh Smith gives team 77-76 lead over #Celtics as Boston has collapsed in mid-to-late 4thQ
Cleveland wedding today, St. Anns & The Courthouse.
I told the doctor I broke my leg in two places. He told me to quit going to those places. - Henny Youngman
Do you find it hard to keep up your skin and beauty regement during the holidays?
“: 37 more school days .THANK YOU LORD”
my lips are dripping honey; but they'll sting you like a bee. 🐝
Oh! Aforementioned DHWI is I only wish they had a childcare option because I think would also be interested.
Congrats to !!!! FA Cup Champions!!!
niall, come to germany! can't wait to see you guys performing x
Today's inspiration? Roger Bannister. The impossible became the possible & the threshold for possibility was pushed further & further.
Air bubble in dad's lung from the biopsy needs to be removed. Eek.
Come on down to Castle Clinton today to celebrate our 200th Anniversary. Flag raising ceremony starts things off at 10:00am!
good comeback so far! Keep cheering
need to strike that fear back into teams visiting OT, you come here to get twatted so bend over!
It was great catching up earlier this week my friend. Have project we might be able to work on that popped up. Chat next week?
Poetry draft down, Spanish and SS to go.
I need some new Apps on my phone >.<
Glad I changed my bracket to having Mich st win it all instead of mizzou
Im One Of Them Skinny People That Always Call Myself Fat. Bitches Be Like.... O.o stfu
No way it was thunderstorming here last night.
Stop stunting mane smh
Q4 Looking at OCR data it appears that communities are in different places in meeting equity & that many challenges remain
Could always do Code4Lib Midwest there. :-)
aha, tilemill. good excuse to use it for the 1st time!
I wish I was able to give him a massage just so he could relax for a few...
Congrats to Tom, Jackie and the rest of the team! I think I shall celebrate with a coconut pie bite on your behalf.
In LA right now wondering why the radio stations in San Diego suck SO damn bad!
Let's work together to embed the entire AP World History curriculum into Civilizations 6 to see what happens...
just watched the special on #obesity. devastating.
i smoke a lot of weed to keep dem bitchezz off my mind ^_^
“What you can't imagine, you can't discover.” -- Albert Einstein
Im bored A'F
$6 pitchers and $2 Shot Specials at Bar None tonight! 1139 N Water
did u see her performance on the voice?
yep until may 25 iam out that bxtch omg tasha it took me 2.5 sec to notice you left me:/
Standing ovation greets Cal Ripken Jr. at Fred Hutch Luncheon cc:
i think i need a drink already lol
Today is the last day to enter for your chance to win Smashbox makeup. RT this for your chance to win!
um where can I sign up for this "KARE" you speak of? I need it.
Full weekend of diving. Deco procedures this weekend. Stoked for #scuba w/
Good defense, better offense
#UKWB sells out against Alabama, winless in the SEC, while LSU men's basketball can not sell out against #1 Kentucky. pretty remarkable
Woman sexually assaulted on a local college campus. Police release surveillance pic of attacker. Story at 5:30 on
Many thanks, Jenny. And thanks for your early support of the book!
Um sir? I'm not sure your pimp walk and lack in ability to wear your pants properly, qualifies you to be able to park in a handicap spot.
Single and broke im living the dream
The Greek pulling out of the US market for sports bettors is just as big when Pinnacle left...
I wish I was special.
Injured Zaheer Khan out for Day 2;
I hate when theres so many things to watch, ( flicks the channel back and forth)
Adversity gives birth to greatness.The greater the challenges&difficulties we face, the greater opp'nity we have to grow and develop as ppl.
"How do you explain something that you can't even understand yourself?"
So amazing! Read all 3 books in a week and a half! : It's past my bedtime but I can't put down The Hunger Games! So addicted.
i'm not a veg. Anymoree so no ahaha
happy birthday!!!! I love you<3
#ThingsMyMotherSays "Why Do You Have A B In Math?" Mom.... Have You Heard Of Derivatives And Limits? Fuck Calculous -.-
Pacific Sands has an interesting product line. Do you have an open house scheduled?
what's your Gameday Specials? You're quiet on the twitter front.
Thanks for the RT Kathy! Have a great Tuesday!
glad to hear! Where is home?
Me either!! Sounds like so much fun!
It's glue, right? They put glue in the crust? JUST KIDDING!
Anthony Bennett cuts Kentucky in another surprise move. Down to just UNLV and Oregon (via ).
bout to b back out ther bra
Introducing a new way to Bartab - send drink credits! Their credits, their choice.
good point, 16 states passed the legal use so far. Maybe it will happen here
party was crazy and fun last night! thanks to my friends for hosting it
OK,C Just How good the Thunder Are
Bro Whats God Baby Welcome 2 Twitter Lets Get It
In an attempt to grab his own headlines, this morning Romney announced he's totally cool if women speak when spoken to.
i do believe in fairies :( I do i do
#Anaheim #Ducks have traded center #Ryan #Carter to the #Carolina #Hurricanes for minor-league forwards #Stefan #Chaput and
Loveing shirtless derek and da tattoo he had ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
Anyone going to the game tomorrow?
I belong in Washington.
Half the Sky: Women in the New Art of China opening reception tonight 6 PM at the new Leonard Pearlstein Gallery, 3401 Filbert St. Stop by:)
Thank you, so do I! Lots of hot water with lemon and honey for me these days (it's really good, anyway, but great for cleansing).
Why you no respond to Tony's text! We wanna see you
- where is boris?
Happy Mother's Day Mom! I love you and I couldn't ask for a better Mom. Thank you for every thing you've done for me and our family<3
I'm embarrassed to admit that in switching computers, I've completely lost the link to the blog that led me to follow you. Help?
Wait, how do I get a checkmark?
definitely want to her more on this topic!
Apologies for the lack of tweets lately. Been reading the 1st draft of our Food for Thought book. Very exciting! Will be published in Aug!
So now snow decides to lay why can't it do it when we have school..
Can't wait to see TINTIN! About time they made a movie about him and little snowy.
Didn't attend or follow CiL, I got burned out on that conference when things started to sound the same year after year.
": I lay in bed every night and over think everything. #badhabit"
Gig Harbor Fishing would like to wish all you Mom's out there a very Happy Mother's Day and Good Fishin to Ya!!
Why hasn't someone did a Home Alone themed tower defense game?
Good things come, just gotta stay open to it!
Just saw Avengers 'cause all you Twits recommended it. Good call!
Waiting for the VMI to play in Big South Conference Championship game on ESPN2. Another game is running late
Congrats! Great news!
Sad news about Dick Clark.
nigga u 10 toy cars don't count Lil steve
Lease is signed (tentatively) for the new place, now I just have to hope everything checks out. Writing a pair of $1900 checks was weird tho
Good morning everyone(:
Where are you now?
Enjoyed reading your #FF mentions. Nice touch! Have a great weekend :)
Ha it's not like we have short term memory loss. I mean come on get real!
Something bothers me about a paper on "The Psychology of..." lacking any references to psychology papers or research.
keep up the Good work and stay beautiful!
Comparing Candace Bushnell to Edith Wharton is like comparing a Snuggie to a vintage Burberry trench.
Almost done with my economics homework finally!
lol have Deb take you to Missouri!
We about this weekend or next week depending on finals schedule
OMG! That's great!!! Thank you!! (ALWAYS looking for more ideas..!)
so beautiful. SO WHICH ONE . or hold on..
oh snow white with diana rigg is on after sleeping beauty. she is so good at playing evil in that movie
No, the Vandy coach is only upset he got caught. If he didn't like it, then he would have stopped it already.
Thanks so much.
I speak: I'll be back, when I'm here on web, okay, my computer stay sad, 'cuz I never back! :]
Good! See you Thursday, study hard for all your exams.
ANYWAYS. Enough of me ranting. Just sad that Juliet didn't win </3 really love her and her voice.
i just beat every level in angry birds seasons with 3 stars!!!:D yeah!!
Haha! That was a good one.
**BANDS! contact me for SHOW and INTERVIEWS**
Super Bowl time!(:
": u could start a #planepool" my mind is blown
Chilly as well, hoping it'll warm up soon
I feel so mexican right now...lol
shut up where are you
really missed at #milblogcon #milbloggies was trying to stalk you!
thought there might be a secret login/password on the site to check it out if you were attending. Oh well...
I'd like to see the result.
worst fuckin start to a spring break..........
thanks for the connection!
Listened to my recap of the Dayton show and I feel like a dickhead that I forgot what move TJP won with. 450 splash for anyone who cares.
"Sir"! shit! I meant Thank you, Sir.
#SandersSundays is the best part of Sunday <3 I always look forward to it on Sundays . Hope you keep doing this ! <3
What movie did you see? :D
Okay, if you're at the #aam2012 opening party and you haven't found the band on the 3rd flr, GET UP HERE!!
3 more chances.
Filming my first ever commercial today...for a local pharmacy. Starring in it!
Can u 4 a moment imagine what this world would be like if everyone treat people the way they would want to be treated
so what did you do ? they are blaming it on me
skype date soon? I'm missing my sister
Awesome! Excited to try polish. Follow me so I can DM.
I think I hate every show the Food Network advertises.
Who's up for FA next year? RT : just a gut feeling. very well could be wrong
I am not a drunky! haha
do you have an 2012 playlist that i could listen to? (i am a subscriber.)
Here are some perfect examples of what happens when you are "on the right track" but don't follow up and follow through:...
yes yes yes!!! amen to that my brother! see ya soon?
I'd camp out in Nome before the financial district!!
I could teach you (:
Frustrating day at work. Time to kill some mannes tonight. #gwj #tf2 Who's with me?
Yes the professor himself will be appearing ONLY for the VIP session. He's a really great guy if you've never met him.
Article from Donald Luskin at Smart Money about Health Care reform... "Health Care 'Change' Will leave you with Less"... Think taxes
it's hard to know what to do sometimes
RT "The best fertilizer for a piece of land is the footprints of its owner."––Lyndon B. Johnson
Los Angeles Wins Again!
Was just told, "Dude. You can't be gangster at breakfast, man." I'd say I have to agree...
Decided to give "24" a shot. I'm hooked. Twelve hours in & don't want it to end but I can't wait to see every last minute.
Just finished band practice! I cant wait to start booking shows
Special Features - 48 FPS: The Frame Rate that Broke the Internet - Flickering Myth (blog)
seemed like a fine option to me. What good would it be w/o friends? Tho I didn't know it would SMS
So people have noticed...
U join mine and i will join yours www.my.blastoffnetwork.com/usanetwork
were in the hell are you? Orch isn't the same :/
The man who removes a mountain begins by carrying away small stones. Anonymous
Let the raining begin!
thank you! We are all okay. The tornados missed our house but we have wheat from a field in our yard
Their are so many Iago's out there!! Trust no one.
653 - idk you that well but I do know your sweet :)
I hope you had a great New Year! We gotta work out together soon!
Hopefully the crew can get it together tomorrow.
Still getting my hair done 😪🔫🔫🔫
people in my spainsh class are geeeeeeeked. 😝
did Natalie Portman's person dress Alicia Keys as well?
Come on bro...Krayzie Bone WAS bone...them other dudes are wack...yes Bizzy is WACK.
ah, will do. although you kinda just did..
thank you! Does it work in the iPod?
nice... Thanks for the info..
Hey. Congrats to my friend Anthony "Blue" Watson for getting an internship at 's accounting department!
That's all you hear
working 1/2 day today ...I preparing for my doubles match @ 6:30 today Sugarcreek tennis Club. my entourage is going with me so see ya BooYa
PRETTY AWKWARD DAY
glad you joined our Tweet-chat! Good to see ya on there :)
Everytime I tweet I'm hungry wazup with that??
Flooding can be very difficult to deal with, that is why we are here!!!
Blessed are those who can give without remembering, and take without forgetting. Princess Elizabeth Asquith Bibesco
Plans for Brussels and Bruges this weekend!!! Can't wait!
Thanks For Following! #teamawesome Checkout our partners!
library books... I am already overspent on my budget of $2200
Is your company looking at mobile training with video? Does the message resonate or should training be in a more formal setting?
Don't forget Uncle fucker
Happy Mothers Day to the strongest and most beautiful woman in the whole world my Mommy ♥ I love you so much!
Fox seems ready to go to make the movie, it appears they're waiting on Reynolds since he has been such a major player.
So good!
theatres are still being added, make sure you check back!
« I hate losing more than I like winning. 😡»
No LeBrick slander for me tonight. I'm switchin' to this baseball game.
#FearTheBeard that was SICK
I'm waiting for your men's line of jewelry to come out!
Cinco de Mayo = un tremendo success
HAD SO MUCH FUN AT OUR VALENTINE DANCE. NOW OFF TO THE BALLGAME. TEAM ALEXIS!!! GO FOLLOW ME
Arkansas is winning! are winning! Texas lost!
The marine from toys for tots is here!
Seeing a korean guy and having the feeling of calling him Oppa!
I wish I could show y'all the foolishness I see at my job tho smh
Merry Christmas to you as well. I am good. Finally sitting on the couch being lazy lol. Holiday was good. What about yours?
I will never forget this day.
that bear is going to eat your son!
Looking forward to all the container gardening I want to do once I get my new apartment & balcony. :D
ah that's all that's always On my mind!!!LOUIS!<3
You were awesome! Everyone loved it... THX!!!
can't wait to see you!
pacha friday?? i think so =]
did you see the info I tweeted to you last night?
Thanks for the follow! We'll be down in Nashville this summer!
Come on #Bulls we need some defense
Need some cash? We are looking to hire students to flyer classes on the first week of school. Come on down and sign up.
Logo is creative!!!
Thanks for following me Matt! You may also follow me on We are here to help! Thanks, LM
that one seemed like more than just an aftershock
That makes two of us :-)
You will be meeting me
Have a frugal find you'd like me to feature? Please share!
The cross becomes Christ's pulpit. Ponder his crucifixion sermons with us throughout this season of Lent. Share your thoughts with us.
Ha! It's funny because it's true. Like Picasso witht he 10-15 foot jumpers.
I like your thinking buddy. We are on the same page!
Nice portfolio!
I told my dad that this is the game JR will go off.... he's 4-4 from 3pt land thus far.
yes! Pie loves champagne! Did that come from ? Best. Friday. Ever.
Today sleeping, cleaning, eating, tomorrow back to work...Looking for a home for our business'. Do you have perfect Fleamarket building???
beautiful, balmy, autumn day...
Hunger Games w/ + book club ladies (AND ) tonight! i love tween movie opening nights, so much fun
RT : having not scored or assisted any goals in the league ths season, u can imagine my surprise at not getting that call frm Roy
Chibikart: The Race To Completion | equals zero
"Conjugate to the dance floor!" "Don't you mean 'congregate'?"
will do!
haha uuhhh sister tell me about it. but the guy i'm with lives 30 miles away, so that means hes good (:
Sing me to sleep. I'm tired.
I'm proud of my heart: its been played, burned and broken, but it still works
Ask me any questions and I answer them personally! Don't make your mind up yet!
We are closed today and tomorrow.
But what kind of collab program could we do? Are you too busy for booktalks during that early school time?
Our Happy Hours app uses your phone's GPS to detect all of the happy hours near you right now! www.gotime.com/mobile
if only my Mani could do likewise
#ReplaceNickiMinajSongsWithOh Super Oh? No this is a terrible idea
Good. Bryan Eisenberg will be glad to hear that
#happydyngusday dyngus & pussywillow r funny words. U know you'll b on
And a fabulous weekend to you too!
: json feature still hiding in background... Ryan you ever have any luck displaying nice rounded percentages?
you a pro huh
Even on vacation i'm working…you know me bra bra! Studio tomorrow though…
Be thine own palace, or the world's thy jail
That last retweet made my heart melt
Blue Valentine. Great movie. Great castings.
haha not that sunny!! Lol. I'm almost done with the semester so that's all good. Deciding whether to stay here or back to MN
Welcome to twitter
Mickey Mantle? No Mickey Mantle? He would be on before Rivera. Heck, so would Yogi. That guy has more rings than Zales.
Sometimes ill search my head to find my dads voice nd I come up empty handed. It makes me wnna cry.Its really hard. I wish he was still here
There is nothing comparable to the innocent pure joy you can see in kid's faces at birthday parties. So precious! Thx Chuck E Cheese!
Turco has a vote for me, mike smith is decent too!
I'm not offended by all the dumb blonde jokes because I know I'm not dumb... and I also know that I'm not blonde.
sure! Sorry I haven't been on for a while!
MP art soon to be gracing the walls of a hotel in Pittsburgh!
At least I don't have to grade anything! ;)
Love bro good Looking Whn If I get off Im gone bring you laptop
yeah, not worth it.. im so excited my monster jam though!
Good night. Thanks for the RT
Lately I've been tellin girls "Prometheus has landed" when i come.
I don't care. You pick. I haven't eaten out in a while...
Exactly what I was thinking. Why force Twitter to be only a synchronous stream for live content? [Oscars, Superbowl, etc.]
didn't know that existed! I'm going to go dream about rage face merries. Z.
really is it a new or old episode cause my lil cuzin is watchin it too
Candles and relaxation. What more could I want!
Still doin big things!! Bigger things to come!!
I would -KILL- to see a Pacific sunset. Relax, Don, you're in paradise.
Budget lapse plan passes the Joint Finance Committee, 12-4.
glad someone does!!
think they are just moving on to bigger/better things. Heard their contract was up and they just didn't renew it.
Word. Like I said, as a MacHead, I EXPECT everything. But I obviously expect to pay for it. So no surprise.
If I had to choose "I rather have common sense" than be Smart! CUZ smart folks still do stupid shit
Still no where to play basketball... I've traveled and searched too far. Ahhghh..
Is it just me? Or is it always the same guy drivin a Grand Prix?
i was late to work this morning it was soo hard for me to get up out the bed
“: Of course he'd miss an extra kick....in this game, of course. #Alabama, #LSU #BCSChampionship” EXTRA KICK. U WORK 4?
July 14th hurry up!
dont want to go back to my grannys house. but its just for one month. uno!
I know caitlin found it a while ago it was fucking great!
right ray my draft is tomorrow and I have done little to no research...help me!! Link to your draft guide?
miss you too! Miss everyone! And miss sleep! School's nuts, but should be on a more normal schedule by January. How're you?!
i'm so irresistible.
at the capital grille with dr. z, famous ric and briana
I'ma be working my food service magic at 's big NYE bash tonight and would love the pleasure of your company. No cover.
Not very happy cause he won't be playing next game. He's our best player this year!
Beautiful catch!!
OH MY GOD LONG TIME NO TALK !
that shouldn't even be a question!
yeahh she like made up the last part on the spot hopefully it gets better.
The good ol after work nap<3
Keith's paradoxical commandments can evolve.
Research panel now, first up Carrie Brown-Smith [ ] on #memstorm, Twitter as community-driven breaking news reporting tool.
I need your number:)
Pu-er tea can be mixed with floral teas for an different, enjoyable flavor. As it is an acquired taste, this is a good tip for beginners.
RT Ppl love to be internet gangstas.. Have a seat! Bwuahaha... #Blocked #IssueSolved <--
Thanks for the shoutout!
Watching everybody try to act important at ESPN party. That being said, our suck asses haven't got in yet...lol.
Those hairs that don't know whether they want to part left or right <<<<
RT September issue is here on will be in stores 9/20, make sure you pick up your copy.
What STINKS? You can't get a Trenta Iced latte - yea, that'd be like 6 shots of espresso, but still - it's my money. WTH?
New Benz Sumn That I Need For Sure!
Just received an invitation for High School Reunion, w/pig roast and a barn dance.. what's the most interesting place you've had a reunion?
DELIVERY SPECIAL: 3 Deluxe Box Lunches, 3 Drinks...$20! (Delivery is always FREE but our drivers love tips!)
RNG...I just love them
Great article in featuring #MPart! Many many thanks!!
Wheels & TMac are in mid-season-nimrods form. The suntan lotion commentary was creepy.
Did you get your hat?
I had Missouri and michigan in the final four...
lol thank you sweetheart<33 You are incredibly amazing & awesome(:
Good luck RAMS! MyCSU is cheering for you!
hey you! Hope you are enjoying the weekend and thanks for the RT!
Me & getting on a level lol. Drinkin level though. Its not what we normaly do but like its cool lol I feel good u feel good?
ur so funny and amazing ur like in own little world<3
you're my remedy
They want me to be weird... I'm gonna give them weird!! ;)
Hoped to meet with you guys tonight for a sesh, but too busy tonight. Tomorrow?? Don't forget about PGP on Friday.
Made the switch!!
Visit on Monday for a delicious Indian pop up dining experience. (tweet correction) MY Mondays are booked thru March
Have a great night!!
Yes. They also get a key for The Playboy Club.
China's pole-dancing granny - Globe and Mail
Convrats on your good news! Sweet dreams :)
We are seconds away from our first Houston demo! Come see us on lovely Westheimer street!
we do! email us at with what you have in mind; we can do all kinds of fun things for kids :)
WorQing really hard right now!!!
This descent has "narrow roads"
I really don't want to go to class today. Ugh
Wow Barcelona had a top 10 play and Messi wasn't involved
can you come to #teenfest ???
Good feedback.
composer's breakfast: toast, 2 emergen-c packets and a handful of advil.
I'm so excited so many people are talking about the show on twitter. It's making me blush a bit
Like Flocka in the clouds shaking his dreads making it rain on all of us -_- lmao
A day without sun shine is like, you know, night.
Ask your grandparents if they know Delores Belhumeur, that's my grandma.
Modern philosophy: If I went to the gym but then didn't write a facebook status about it, did it ever really happen?
#sick #fever #weak #pale well, this is just great -.-
sweet! I feel good thank God! Also got 5hrs of sleep! Woohoo lol
Because your kids already think you're a tool.
sounds AWESOME.
"Be the champions of trust." via
Big lunch at Harry & Izzy's followed by office birthday party...looks like I'm going to need some treadmill time tonight!
six mile run... counting down: four more days!
I honestly feel like I just got a celebrity endorsement! Enjoy the DR!
Teen choice awards!!
"There is not enough darkness in all the world to put out the LIGHT of even one small candle"
Tweeting fave #kid #books in '12. #4 Groundhog Gets a Say-Pamela Curtis Swallow. He's letting all know the "Hog truth" about who he is. Fun!
haha not sure the next time we play since we played recently here
I miss cuddling, just talking, and having someone to tell me goodnight everynight its like I cant sleep without it
Sitting in a facebook webinar, clearly these guys don't have #tigerblood in them. They don't know about
#BeliebersAreAllStupid <-- The guy that tweeted this is just jealous because he is fugly and every girl wants Justin....
The players, coaches, and families of Tulsa and BYU had a great time tonight! Tomorrow will be jammed pack full of activities!
how far you away?
Just about time for round 2! The turkey is winning, so far.
Capkanis project, haven't started yet
thnks for helping tap into my inner science nerd today:)
I agree man, glad they didn't go with an Offensive player
I rest my case ha
Oh man. I will keep him in my prayers <3
Talking at dinner my wife described me as being "casually elegant" which beats old, short, fat, eccentric and weirdly dressed...
Having a fun business brunch with
Anyone else try the #crowdcraftproject B'Austin Ale at #sxsw? We the people got it right! Very nice.
oh sorry): did you have to get a 399 to pass?
I'm convinced that Magic is a robot...lol
I'm not a cat person. That's why I raised Token to be a dog.
#ThingsThatINeed 's follow👍
I are not average! RT : None of us are average. Be yourself.
You were there too? Ahh I'm sad I missed you. And, according to the show, I'm not normal either! Like, at all
I forget the girls name that sung " No One " she was awesome and so was Colton
ya better keep yuh mouth shut
What #bigchange would you expect if Big Show were your governor?
just reached 12,000 tweets not too bad....
Pres. Obama's speech to USCGA grads last May was warm and funny
Bad blood never dies. Some sins aren't meant to be forgiven or forgotten.
Flowerbomb, Flower Bomb, or Flour Bomb?
SPREAD THE WORD ABOUT HBN – pls retweet our updates – exciting/wonderful things are happening & we want 2 share w/ EVERY1 – God Bless You
My research on 60s style hairdos has left me with no ideas but a strong urge to wear liquid liner
sucks to be them": Knew it :) RT : Answer: Janikowski & Lechler - they are among just 6 players selected in 2000
I'm not listening for entertainment purposes.
Plane/Hotel fare plus expenses to Cabo San Lucas, Mx. Thanks, bro!
One day you will realize what you had in front on you, but by then, I will be gone...
my friend made that! where did you get it?
same outfit every week & #YouWannaImPressMe ??
r u kidding me man, Romeo sux!
Found a very rare book last week in the collection! Bit more research required, but it looks like it might b the only copy left in the U.S.
Exciting News! Metro Station will be performing at CityWalk on 12/8 with special guest, !
Panel highlights via : "Women 55+ are main drivers of social networking via mobile".
RT the past is over and is never coming back
I Think Of You On Two Occasions
You'd think that I'd learn my lesson by now, you'd think that I'd somehow figure out
Get em Trinity...
MY BIRTHDAY TOMORROW!!! :)
Hello twitter, been neglectful of you.
Im bored.
tequila, preferably in a blended margarita with lots of lime and salt
Currently sipping a latte at Time and Play while the 3-yr-old flies around on a bike indoors.
It's Showtime
#Obedience is the key to
Wooster hosts Sweet 16 and Elite Eight, could be the biggest Woo v. Witt game EVER if they both win Friday.
Got my single of The White Stripes' "Hand Springs" today. It looks sexy, and it pretty much describes my mood right now.
I can't hear anyone right now, with yelling and all that in his tweets
Thanks for highlighting us! We might update the infographic soon.
Follow me... Please:'3
I don't like to talk about people BUT this ratchet lady is horrible mother. Why are you yelling at a two year old. Bad parenting 101.
I read your e-mail exchange and I thought your response was insightful. I think you are way more "right" than your friend.
Truth:)MT “ just watched u vs Lineker.Grt fight but tweet n find the secret of keepin hair tied lol”
Am I a bad Irishman for working on a Saturday?
yes. it's a sad day. unfortunately I'm not allowed to work overtime anymore
I LOVE cover of Boyfriend...it's kinda hard to say this being a Belieber and all...but...I like Dylan's better!.(: I<3you!!
#FF So many I love but here's a handful
Commission business meeting is in session in Santa Rosa. Watch live online at www.wedrawthelines.ca.gov.
"Thats a warning for you Bieber!" Justin: "Im sorry Im sorry." Hahaha
Baby Clerk was involved in the shooting, but at this point it's unclear whether he was the suspect, or the victim.
and I am a minority at my highschool. I wish you the best in college, hopefully BYU :) you are a fantastic role model thanks
If i say kiss my ass it ain't just a phrase, i mean it literally
Happy birthday Dr. Seuss!
"babysit dis dick" -
You around somewhere during lunch break?
Weekly Q & A sessions with me, Henry Brim! Email questions to .
I wanna win #divestock2012 tix! Hard to pick just 1 fave local craft beer but if you insist, I'll say anything
GERMS - they're real, people! #beware of ppl who sneeze inside revolving doors
out of home advertising
Place is nice enough. Been here 1.5 years. People are nice. No major problems Or none u wouldn't expect with being close to Uni.
wish I were there with you two!
Happy Belated Birthday! I love your jewelry!
Yay! Had 2 work that night. But that day I went to an awesome swap meet and found some treasures! (can't send u DM btw) ;-)
Sweet mother of pearl, who is stopping her?
I just consumed 1100 calories in 4.5 minutes.
m m m
My Mamaw just went to the hospital. Please keep her in your prayers!
Yay your awesome!:D
thanks for the great advice!
I like you 👆 I like you 👇 but I really want her 👉
We just lost a follower, dropping 499. We give up our brief but terrifying reign over the Interent.
Bored text me !!!
Off to the stu once again..my 1st round niggas bout to drop "the draft" and this "gotham city" bout to drop we finna
what. Am I not good enough to txt anymore? :P
You're too nice. I'm envisioning deterrents reminiscent of things from the movie Saw.
Gotta give Louisville credit, they didn't have a chance but they played with heart!
With our creative energies and ideas, we should save the world. Or have a martini.
Sad for us - but great for him... Best of luck !!
Damn... Why are tall men so hot!
I was just in Europe last summer! Haven't had a chance to make it over to London! Would love to come visit you sometime!
Why shouldn't get a because he's affiliated with ? Dan & Justin are artists. Jerk.
Watching the last bit of stomp the yard , den going to sleep prob
UM #hurricanes off to a great start vs Duke
RT : If you're a student copyright geek looking for a summer job, let me know
good "late" morning! Grabbing another cup of hot Joe'sephine and skipping out the door to meet with a new client! :)
My brotha knows where its at
Lakers let this game slip away
Absolutely. It's the important things.
Good things are and will keep happening if you let them.
kicking out bums since 2004
Just signed up, I have a good feeling about your guys' future
Revival. (: Can't go a day without listening to it !
nauseating for sure
RT : The Rockefeller Foundation Launches $100 Million Initiative to Support the Strengthening of Health Systems in Africa and Asia
Amy is pretty.
You mean because of the fishnet tank, right?
follow me
LOL Steve! Maybe you will be will win next time - highest prize ever!
Now being followed by !!
Just did some major cleaning and my taxes.
Stop yelling, moron! RT : THE WALL STREET JOURNAL AGREES, GOVERNOR’S REFORMS ARE WORKING AND HIS OPPONENTS CAN’T STAND IT
Yay for waking up sick. Weak. :|
checking in on the education-focused #Apple event...
Who wants FREE OIL changes? Last Chance 2 hours left one maintenance package remains. Call Tony- (720) 560.1383
this is my first year at IU when i haven't dated anyone. glad to see i'm headed in the right direction.
holla he works the #PopHour and if ya available come see what ya can cook up..
Yes! Just the mention of that song takes me right back to my white skates with hot pink wheels!
Love having in the office!
It's all about that
Ok let's me just say this: I fangirl way too much. My parents are officially annoyed.
hey moon, how u doin today? keepin it #sexy?
Shit. Apparently Poe's grave is in a BAD neighborhood. This could be my final tweet.
But not accepting social media, but accepting it is HUGE & can't be everywhere. Have to think what makes sense for YOU
Saturday's grading and Law & Order thread is now open!
Number of drug-addicted newborns triples - The Salinas Californian
Thanks I appreciate it. Just a rough day
We work with our clients to create cultures of collaboration and personal commitment
You know you're in the country when there is a black Friday line at K-mart
Absolutely!!! Let's get tickets on Friday :) RT: want company for this one too? ^_^
ok..if you're reading this, and you are FAMILAR w/the letter "y" go LIKE us on facebook! (Thx !)
Can't help but wonder if 2:18 in Lines of Wax by Flux Pavilion is an InfoSoc tribute.
Are you kidding me? Everythings my fault!
go on oovoo
Lol.. Me too!
I already see what's up and what's about to happen
The hassle + fees associated w/ changing/canceling/rebooking flights is argument enough to fly Southwest all the time. Airlines exhaust me.
You must read better blogs than I do-comments usually just frighten me about the future of America and the English language.
one word 4 this picture
Announcing the Quarter Finalist Match Ups for the Nat'l TLMeet...
then who twas it ?
Welcome to 2011 snow fans! We are hard at work for the coming year. Wanna be a part in Seattle or Portland? Email us at
HELL YEAH COREY HART!!!!
what wrong?!
Kick ass program by tonight on the "situation room" in the White House on killing bin-laden.
: enjoy your day Mr. Diddy. Hope the food is good over there.
Just discovered Kua Designs through Yorm Ackuaku! Thanks for the info. Would love to have at Wafrique some day soon.
Happy Wednesday!
"Rather. I initially found Gershwin's new piece vulgar, but it was never dull."
I want to make money on my computer so I better think of the next big thing!
Seriously though i think we all bonded haha
let's do this Saturday! Can't wait!
Damn this sandwich is amazing
I just turned on da game... What da hell lmao
What tells you? It starts as a "village" but then community involvement starts deciding "what's best for our children."
Working on a new song- has me going in so many directions it's driving me crazy! but it WILL rock!
Huge win Boys! Makes me proud to scout for you! The effort was tremendous! Stay focused! Cheers!
can't, homework. but im checking mlb at bat every 5 mins :P
Why didn't you bitches tell me that Project Runway was on?!
they'd be idiots not to id em.
Just celebrated our 16th. Doc says I have sleep apnea. You make me wonder if it might be a strategically placed pillow?
My mom asked me if I wanted a weave .....O.o
Drunk?! Where is Dakota? I'm callin CPS 0_0
If the BCS wants to make the title game more like the Super Bowl, the only way that's a good thing is if the kickoff is moved up to 6:29 ET.
Cal wants to thank the team for letting him throw the first pitch today. Ford wants to apologize for his 'tude. Go Heels!...
#askniall What's your favorite kind of cake? I need to so I can bring it to you tomorrow in Detroit! <3 :D
Bases loaded!! Granderson up! Let's go boys!!
Thanks for the follow - look forward to seeing your tweets!
and that's why us bananas love you so much ^_^
chats with Judy Smith, the inspiration for #Scandal on #ABC -- Tune-in Sunday on #washingtonwatch 11am ET/PT.
So excited about my new logo designed by !
Kirwan: Cam Kerry , John Kerry’s brother, called my legal counsel on behalf of SAS during 2007 IT procurement.
Sometimes I don't override my auto-correct just to see where the conversation goes.
RT : where else but ? Tickets still available at the door!
Meeting w/ Matt Kano parks Dir. City Of San Jose. Discussing Parks, Trails. Bike Paths
oh. Okay.
Plugging into house PA = less sweating carrying speakers for me!
Omg did you see him thrust? :D
RT : is presenting on Texas Portal Project - Huzzah #JHUAAM at
Ahh...what a busy day!!
That's a compliment, by the way. I'm not a dick.
really enjoyed your performance last night! Thanks :)
More Notable Birthdays: Janet Jackson, Brian F. O'Byrne, Tucker Carlson, Tracey Gold, David Boreanaz.
Indeed, my whole bedroom is in brown and green.
so true always take your time. If not may regret it in the end
Maybe...it goes up and down all day long. Some days it is down almost the whole day.
Loved Quinceanera. Thanks for the follow. Excited about your new project. Spreading the word now.
MY NEW BUS IS UP AND READY I AM SO HAPPY OK BACK TO THE MONEY CALL ME FOR THE PARTY BUS 786 223 1654
Cougar Town moving to TBS has me worried about the network's commitment to airing "Pretty Woman" every day.
mama taught me well!! 🎉
Matt, hoped you liked the sound of that chord. Did you score it for the choir?
I know. I re-tweeted cat litter: But that is what we use for our 7 cats. Yes 7 felines. Love them all.
thats my birthday (:
Os game, caps,NBA playoffs, done college and myrtle on sunday
Hey Cel just hit u w/a msg. Holler back when u can
I hope everyone has a wonderful day!!
sure thing
Farewell, somebody's gonna miss you. Farewell, somebody's gonna wish that you were here. That somebody's me.
so what you doing today
Ben Vershbow - what if we were to start a new library from ground up? - / Peter Brantley #ndpl - a dramatic rethink
Did you know that you can have Sidebar to yourself on the weekend for #MarchMadness? Email Kate: .
Hope it goes well!!
“: Wait, Lil Boosie is free ?” yes my uncle is not guilty !!
Now I know I must be dreaming! I'm going to start an all Milky Way diet!
Here at the San Diego Concourse preparing for tomorrow's Women's Resource Fair. Thanks to JD, Joe and Sarah!
That's one person I'm not following because they can't keep from spoiling a movie for everyone else.
Christofer drew front row and I got to meet him. I can't
wow. #git branching, that just blew my mind.
Gods gonna be with me. Hopefully everything will go well today:)
Think he plays? RT : #Nuggets Kobe Bryant arrived in the Lakers locker room at 6:59 pm MT wearing sunglasses.
Jamming out to my new ibeats! Hells yes!! ^_^
My brain and my tweets are going downhill. Time to pack up and go home.
Apparently, the Michael Caine incident did happen one of the nights I was working. Horrible!
that annoy feeling when you lik someone and you want them to know but you dont wanna tell them
Lmao.. You gone be playing next year?
Attending : Networking event
Lets just say, they never gonna join now. (;
good afternoon my brotha
So simple and yet so delicious: Flounder with treviso, brown butter and lemon
So hungry I want to eat EVERYTHING
What do you have when you have two balls in your hands? A man's undivided attention.
Mourn the cubs loss with a bowl of soup and a hot sandwich....? We're here til seven
I admire going almost 9 months in heels during her pregnancy! I can't even make it 2 hours before my feet start hurting!
Sullinger = Big Dog Robinson.
You dont like me? Then dont sit anywhere near me. Fucking idiot -.-
Coolest kickoff I've ever seen. Hit off the goalpost and landed on the 20.
"If two people are meant to be together, eventually they'll find their way back."
I surprise myself all the time in my house. And every time I accidentally shoot myself in response.
Have you been to one of our tailgates? Only 3 left 10/15, 10/22, 10/29 in the Upper Georgia Ave parking lot. Music, Food, Drinks and fun
Amazing how that happens. In general, I think work is way over rated. LOL. Cause of much undue stress.
Dear WWF. You have no idea about what you write. Please take a wine class and a writing class. Your drivel is ridiculous!
Just submitted my Application! Crossing Fingers!
thank you for all your support this weekend!
Hey now, you're the best and you know it.
sent... And I'm up all night so hit me when Eva... Can't sleep
well, I'm watching glee.
watch out for the wind sweeping down the plains.
Ah! Unauthorized sequel!
hey hey Mrs. nation, thanks for the love.
Love is a battle, love is a war; love is a growing up
Warren Buffet has all the respect from me in the world now. Stop Coddling the Super-Rich
Bible Verse of The Day: It is Written, For the LORD your God is the one who goes with you to fight for you against your enemies to give...
How was the Refectory?
whoops, did do booker, forgot to add that...
Just got home...let me get the kids to bed & then I'll send some very rough drafts your way.
i feel like dying on my computer desk...dont judge me im tired
Yes, yes I am recording the KCA's just to see & & &
..and my 8 yr old actually asks to play Scrabble! I aslo am beyond addicted to Rummikub (did I spell that right?) I crazed!
Yeah, exactly.
continuing education instructors needed, please go to www.coecontinuingeducation.com to apply
Wanna play black magic?
Thank you for RT! FL - Awake the State 3/8/11 rallies - Stop Gov. Scott's devastating budget cuts!!
My pleasure
Tonight, Thanksgiving Edition Happy Hour from 10pm-2am! $5 cocktails, $6 wine, $6 Martini, $3 beer, food specials and more...Join Us!
Side effect of being open, is student's work will be found. Opens up students to powerful interactions w/real world. via
It's a full house at friggemal studios today with special guests Kevin Pollack,Rich Vos, Neal Brennan and Keith Alberstadt...6-10a on 101.5
…It's not about giving people what they want. That's marketing--and it's a big difference." -Chas Esche
You wouldn't be the same Ashley I met while I was training Eric would you? This is Todd, the strength coach. Hope you are!
Kinda getting sick of band names that reference violence towards women, however "punk" or "funny" it might seem to the members.
editing walls with
I suspect that the woman in the Abilify ads who talks to living bath robes and umbrellas has bigger psychological issues than depression.
Man oddii was fired up damn took a lot of guts I think I see those getting watery then they went back goodjob
Wouldn't mind having a waffle #BELGIUM style!!
Current Fellow Andrew Gaddis is talking about his free Charm City Clinic at the Men and Families Center in East Baltimore.
See you tonight! RT Another double up tonight. First and after. See you there!
Hope we can!
Im a Greyson fan and and alli fan. I do wish I was alli. Go ahead and hate.
we need to hang out
I totally agree
I hope none of Rick Santorum's kids are girls. So is he against protecting them from HPV or against being forced to opt out?
May we all experience positive evolution in all that transpires in our world, with appreciation for the moments.
Haha love you too care bear
follow back? :) I love your bio btw x
Going to lunch with my parents. Happy Sunday!
New Video: This is my little sister. She's super modest, but I think she's awesome. Reddit, please help me surprise her with a ton of views
I freaking love you. That is why i am sharing this free promotion site with you. site is on my profile. :)
Speaking of motorsports... how's Josh Hodges Racing doing lately??? Check em out!!
Gotta check it out for sure. Looks like fun.
Now that everyone's out of the house, it's time to party it up!! Which means baking brownies and watching Netflix. ;D
Picking up the new spectacles today...finally. These are the things I look forward to now...
UPDATE: I don,t "copy" anybody else.I am a "original' artist when I cover someone else,s songs.I strive to bring fresh "vibes" to the table
except win championships xavier!?????????????? Come on now let's be serious. I love counting the rings.
Can't find any schema for Twitter's API's return values. This is both annoying and impressive. We're not in Enterprise-land anymore, Toto...
Thanks for being our 700th follower! Tweet at us with any good columbus food hosting ideas / events! We'd be happy to host.
hey do you know any limo services in San Jose?
why did you try to run into that moped on the way home?
how your numbers looking for chicago j's on the 21
yes go pats fuck dallas
RED ROBIN!!!!
I forgot to report that I saw a bear run across the Issaquah-Hobart Rd this morning.
so good!
I love that sound you make when you shut the fuck up :)
Please REMEMBER! Awareness is the key to your safety....
haha in your dreams ill give 2 cars so you don't fell bad
I'm on a mission:to get All Tiny Creatures [touring w. this spring] on the bill at Sasquatch.lost cause?hope not!
NEW MUSIC COMING SOON
THE STRIP IS BACK!! 934 WINCHESTER ROAD!! GRAND OPENING THIS SATIRDAY!! ALL NEW 21+ CLUB/STRIP CLUB!!
EE done!!!!!!! it feels like a load has been lifted! Glory to God in the highest!
Test over. Game time in 6 hours
RT from Iran: Tehran is alive with the sound of people on their balcony shouting 'Allah Akbar - Ya Hossein - Mir Hossein '
That's cause u don't follow it...UFC main event tonite was 2 top 10 contenders, check numbers Monday
haha, maybe i will! Maybe I could make a windsail and wear it like a big shirt...
HAPPY WEDNESDAY!!!
#Jamboree Breakfast with Thomas MacEntee "21st Century Marketing for #Genealogy Societies.
Bachelor on The Bachelor (while stepping off of a helicopter) - "These more down to earth dates are nice!"
OVER A MILLION!!!!<21
Only Nigga In First Class
(Konrad Adenhauer) We all live under the same sky, but we don’t all have the same horizon.
very good work! :) Do you have a affair with football? Lol
Ugly girls be quiet quiet. Pretty girls clap clap like this.
Thanks Chris, it is my pleasure.
12/17/2010 Marketing Lessons -- From the Grateful Dead? Maine Public Broadcasting Network
spray whipcream all over the female body and then you slowly eat it off her while fingering her giving her pleasure.
Adam is in CO right now playing firefighter. The trade in price was way low (which I expected), but it is listed on Craigslist
I didn't know you volunteered there. Very cool. Thank you for that/
Nothing beats layin in bed
Your outlook on life is a direct reflection of how much you like yourself. - manifesto
I'd follow you every friday or any day--hey I aleady do... tx for FF mention
same here. well not 100% but mostly.
It was almost love.. It was almost always..
excited for the new #degrassi episode tonight so i can admire my future husband, ♥___♥
#NowPlaying: #ArabicMusic, songs, and hymns celebrating Easter and Good Friday.
i never tweet from this account anymore! :/ have you missed tweets from your microphone? :)
Foy Sauce.. how big of a loser do you have to be to actually write what you did? Sad.
On the road to the next job location.
Checking out cloudera's vm image
My feet hurt
So it's official. No Snow Leopard for me till I can get to an Apple store. Superdrive is completely dead.
Thanks ! We use your website as a resource all the time
CAA tournament 1st round FINAL: UNC Wilmington 70 James Madison 59. UNC-W to face top seed Drexel tomorrow at noon.
aye bro rep follow and promote
Success is not measured by what you accomplish but by the opposition you have encountered.
my goodness!
Thanks, all who came by this Taigating season and enjoyed good fellowship and great ZUZU Food. Don't be strangers and come visit 2222/Mopac
if i got rid of all the "friends" that do nothing but hurt me, i'd have about 5 left. i'm getting so close to fucking dropping all of you.
Some of the niggas that work at WalMart tho >>>
just let it out bro.
What in heavens name is "macronutrient toxicity"?
Brendan league is a creeper
B&G on mothers day>>
Niggas playing angry birds rather than cooking!
We're excited too! RT : Got promoted to be team leader for new media at NGPVAN! Should be fun, and an exciting challenge!
Today's advice: If consuming 12 oz. of per day didn't lead to wealth in 2011, be sure to up intake to 24 oz./day in 2012.
now every time it's 11:11 it makes me think of 's song. <3
At this UPenn, Stanford, Harvard, Georgetown, and Duke presentation.. These people here seem snobby
"hi my names heidi klockenbrink and I like to quote sponge bob and try different shampoos..."
Thnx for the RT - you guys had everybody on their feet in Louisville. See ya in Indy.
#wewontworkif you're like every other fucking asshole that I've met in my life. So, basically that's every dude alive.
We should definitely go skating tomorrow again!
Carpe per diem - seize the check. Robin Williams
We are just one pendant light away from having our top floor finished! Still no heat, functioning sink or kitchen, but it's progress...
so u are going to fold up All those Preds jerseys and put them away for another year?
I hate my sister.
He dictated New Orleans trade him, then announced wouldn't sign an extension. Only teams he wanted to go to would trade 4 him
So, we meet again, Mr. Hess- but this time the advantage is mine! ^_-
I wish I could give everyone a pair of my headphones to listen to my new album on.
Do those writers play the same video game they've already won 3x or put together same jigsaw they've completed 3x. No. It's boring.
- - gettin #cray with my new buddy tonight! She doesn't know what she's in for lol.
Oh, & Me & Hanna are TANtastic...
I Need Of Activities 2Do
I feel like I haven't seen you cross my social media radar in forever. Missing by a sliver, I imagine. Hope you're well. :)
Kuechly doing a great job in the Panther's Press Conference. Although he is sweating like I probably would.
Lips are numb
so buckets of fun? yay or nay
#Imagine Austin softly touching your face and pressing his soft lips against yours.
Advice from writing coach: Read poetry before you write paper/proposal. It activates a diff. part of your brain.
I remember when you weren't a celeb, and you were hosting open mic's in the hood... How far you've come my friend...
Congrats ! Thank you for an amazing effort.
Keep your car in tip-top shape with today’s deal at DGDG-- $15 for an oil & filter change at 8 dealerships, 7 makes in San Jose Area. http:/
Had another great Forch on Your Porch last night! Hope you can make it to the next one!
Done with classes for the week :)
All pray for his safety
Your new single #SAYSOMETHING is AMAZING!!ツ I'm soo #Proud of you!! You came soo far!! I love you soo much!!<3
Big weekend- so let's turn this mF upside down!!!!!!! S/O 1luv!!
another workout session wit sissy 2day
when do you want to go shopping for prom shoes?!
:) RT : Brew Dr Kombucha Tea.. Damn!
yes it did. was so much fun. called you back. hope you are great. looking forward to seeing you sat at bridal shower yayayay
I did! It's adorbs!
I love my #Bold #9930 paired with my #PlayBook. It is a winning combination.
I have to say that Jaclyn Backhaus Rocked at #adoll'shouse tonight!!! If you are in NYC go see it. It is at Access Theater Gallery! Amazing!
Coming back from a fun and exhausting recording session with Arahm. SO TIRED . #Riley . LIVE ReaL😏
nothing to do tonight :(
Thanks love! <3
Definitely! NYC and I will welcome you with open arms. But it means you have to stay awake until 4am. Start resting up now.
hi hi
My new bedtime sucks.
To often we hurt the ones who love us, but put up with the ones who hurt us... #This cycle is so backwards.
ah! Yes yes! Need pictures!!!!
Yay for Smitty! RT Year ago Smith talked wanting out of CLT. Enter Chud, Cam. 79 catches later, Smith agrees to an extension.
Bananas are great for your heart (due to high potassium levels). Not a banana fan? Try these instead: avocados, prunes and yogurt.
Ready to see this video
Hearing good things about you guys. RT : You can start anytime! Let us know!
Interesting... the LANGUAGE OF FLOWERS cover seems more appealing to me than that of THE NIGHT CIRCUS!
I'm loving my life!!
Much like Pete Martell, is a prince of a man
Happy Friday.Watch your speeds out there, Photo radar van on Silverbell near Ironwood Hills.If your going out this weekend call 520-798-1111
Long day ready to lay it down
In case you were wondering, "Throw the Goat" will be performing a concert at the Universal Bar and Grill on 2/24.
Hi I was looking through your company site- First Person Communication, and I was wondering if there was a contact email?
Shower time
Check out , an eco-friendly line of stylish handcrafted shoes with soles made from recycled tires.
When I'm single it gives me time to think of what kind of girl I want and what kind I don't want
I just saw the Harvard Baseball team sang "here's my cell number, call me maybe"....that explains it...I'm not smart enough to understand
#fb Who feels like a nice cool drink. Better yet a free "Iced Coffee." Twitter followers and FB fans come in and get yours today. BOOST22
Wish my 2 yr old didn't want to wake up at 6:30 like usual, but at least I have something to watch.
There was a drug warrant in my building this morning - time 2 move???
who'd want to see me and max do a acoustic cover of all i want by a day to remember?
#Imagine You and Liam are watching the stars at the beach. He whispers:''You're my everything. I love you.'' He kisses you passionately.
The RS are the Cubs? Really? What's that make the Rangers? In their history the Rangers have won only one playoff game...
SINGLES MINGLE SUMMER KICKOFF!!! Save the date: June 9th, Nola's BBQ!!!! Tickets on sale soon...
omg!!! last ep. of HawthoRNe... This season was shoot!!! but omg detective Renada no.... TOM!!?
Alright (: good night
I love Joker Philips and Kentucky Football! I had a GREAT time today!
Sounds fun, can I come?
Absolutely! Thank you for the inspiration!
That awkward moment someone looks at your phone seeing all your conceded pictures of yourself...
People shouldn't send hate! :( ... Did he even, REALLY DM u that? :)
Um nothing unless laying in bed before 10pm counts as doing something.. I need motivation to go out tonight! Lol
1 Assignment done. That was fast.
idk, ive lived in new England for a while now
My daughter wore her hair just like Noah today. Go #Cavs!
you know I have that in print now! I made you laugh I made you laugh ;) great job today!
love dont live here any more
cozy in the dark watching Dracula.
I think law school has taught me nothing better than the fine art of procrastination. #can'tfocus
Have heard good things! I want to watch.
RCS has a great selection of NEW laptops starting at only $299! Start Christmas shopping early this year at RCS!!
glad you enjoyed it!
Can you let us know which way you were coming from? Road construction has caused some sign issues & we'd like to look into it.
Blake Griffen is being exposed for having zero post-up game. If LAC can't lob it, they're screwed.
Please remember to vote tomorrow: my slate, Gray 4 Mayor, K Brown 4 Chair, Mendelson At-Large, Nate Bennett Fleming-Shadow Rep
TODAY IS THA DAY! We're opening for CREED baby! Not only that we are playing the biggest stage in the state! Big moment in Rosella history
if u or someone u kno needs Social Media promotions, contact me by email [ ]
Simmons making excuses for the Clippers crowd. Yet the Heat don't have any excuses.
You have any friends into fell running here in twitterland that could share info?
If you are interested in taking over the Lyons Hotspots just email us at (You get the started blogspot, fanpage, twitter page)
/me crosses appendages for your inquiry to be successful
Love me some CN Blue remixing!!
No i wont lol
#Patriots fans, who do you think will come into Foxborough next week? The #Texans or #Ravens?
Fuck u pay me.
The Saints and Packers won't be leading the league in defense.
saw your weekend tweet, hope the puppy is doing better!
#Artist MAke sure you Tag, and EMBED your Info in your MP3's!
Id rather be a crying little pussy then some faggy goth kid XD
My financial future is controlled by Muahhh💋💋💋& reason you don't have anything now you is need to grind more!!!
oh god lol. but i HATE its the same night as graduation -______-
What not to watch while on : Top Chef #JustDesserts. Seriously considering eating the remote. But on Day 3, I'm down 1.5 lbs.
Mike Hess from PopEater.com on the way..
One of the companies that Poised Creation has a great deal of respect for is Virgin Records!
"The two most important days in your life are the day you were born and the day you find out why" - Twain -- Dwayne Johnson ()
Guests can purchase raffle tickets as a donation & prizes are amaze
and that's proof that you've been working too much! LOL
Popdust Music Site Branches Into Fashion With The Launch Of Its First Pop-up Online Store Popdust Style
Tired as shit ready 2 go hme n put on ma spacesuit lol
oh, I think I missed something
shirt,jacket,pants,boxers,socks,shoes
haha 'hard enough' na I think its from Ava because she hit me with nerf gun
come east, sir. I'd love to hang out sometime in the forseeable future.
#idontcarewhatpeoplethink at all...
Today's Legal Tip: Interview Questions that are not allowed: are you married? planning to get married? have ?children
thanks to for an amazing concert in the atl last night. you guys rocked.
We the people! Get to the polls today and make your voice count.
Holy absolute FUDGE! (only I didn't say fudge)!!
i think the vip gonna b on sale toma cause my mom was online at 10am and VIP was showing up
Interesting. The latest #WordPress trunk I just pulled down includes yet another Admin bar. Are they planning on absorbing #BuddyPress, too?
I've had to pee since 2005....finally
RT : RT : You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. -CS Lewis
evening boys and girls.
Yessir RT : The one I mary will have an undeniable head game
Is that wins or points per game? ": Vegas releases its Over/Unders for college football...Kentucky's is 5.5"
Mobile phone is going to end up being the owners identity in the cloud - "key" in the chip of the phone provides access to apps.
I love it that couples now use twitter to fight with each other... As if I give a shit what he renamed your iPhone as. #petty &
Starting Thursday, Airlines will be required to include all mandatory taxes and fees in published airfare.
just went to a great underground co-op in Mount Pleasant where they were playing the full I have a DREAM speech on the radio
I don't know that song.....
Just started a Run. 46 °F, 0mph N, 98%
And the hell is up with his hair? He got the long ass slick back.
So glad we won't have to take anymore notes in APUS.
Really excited to see at rainfest. Beyond pumped.
RT : What does it mean that I google something and my blog post comes up at the top?<Means that you did a great job on that post!
nothing im okaai its okaai i guess.?|':
lol how the crew doin? Tell em I said Wat up mama
thats whats up, no red. Canon c300 looks nice, so does the mark I , still rocking the 550d though.
For the second time this week, I was trapped on a subway car with a loud, mentally ill / drunk freestyle rapper. Lucky me!
At home, working on the usual nefarious plots!
go chris BROWN!!!
text me!
: Finally here to see Avatar, I've seen less people in a theater on the second week. This must be a really good movie
hail straightedge
I wish could come to Hawaii!!! I would really love to see them in concert...can i get a shoutout??
Ha, I like that. Could be a goldmine.
Sushi, Sade and John Legend? Best.Night.Ever.
ill let you know! I still gotta go through the rest!
According to sources in the Apple world...launch date 4 new Apple products including iPhone is 10-4. That's is all unofficial of course! LOL
I think the 8:50 am start time is a HUGE benefit. We are the only HS that starts late. Also your principal is awesome! :)
I love her even more because she takes all my shit and just laughs.
did he really say that?
haha hell no
- LitFuse - Totally agree... it keeps getting worse.
o thats cool, whats the theme if there is and whats the color of ur dress, im mad im asking all these questions lol
At Serb Hall to hear Vinehout, Barrett, Falk and LaFollette tell me why I should vote for them. Starts at 6:30!
Go figure - MT : What happens among individuals with mandatory mail offered a retail 90 alternative? Most preferred mail.
Anthony you know that was not nice to beat my team. Glad to see you doing well. Congrats
nobody's getting sassy
i gotta go to school. >=(
time to get classes!
I wanna go out.. /: Then theres TAKS this week... /:
Venice beach
Nice. Vimeo registration smooth like butta. No captchas. 2 second registration. The way life is meant to be.
RT : Thanks for all of the help today! Still trying to ge to 1000 twitter followers by 2010!! Let's go!
Just seeing this comment. Not sure anything justifies emotional, mob-mentality lynching. Even factual correctness.
#NBA Season is warming up with some exciting games. Chicago Bulls to face Sacramento Kings on 29th Dec. Buy your tickets NOW: 888-493-0004
At a seriously sketchy Bella Gourmet "bridal event" just to try an get free stuff. Not sure if it's worth it...
You bet.
How valuable are you if the only thing you tweet is a retweet? #NoFollow #SEO #CarDealer or #CONSULTANT -Social Gurus
"Shoulds" in life don't get you into action; they cut off your principles and values. Drop the "shoulds" & live by your core values!
I guess being nice to people is about over for me. Is that wrong?
“: Del Zotto from the slot and the Rangers lead 2-0 at 10:05 of the third period. Second two-goal lead in the series for them
I got a rack on Mayweather right now!
haha talk about convenience!
#WilDChildZ #ICONiacz #GRANDerz how r u im doin good as always have a good day lols
nonsense marketed directly to uneducated gym owners that care more about making money than taking time to learn the science!
okc gets the opening tip.. lets see what they wanna do with it... oh they wanna turn it over.. i can deal with that
Very cool, Denise! Best of the year I would say! RT: how cool was that interview?
your welcome! :) thanks for participating in the video! spread the word! :)
I feel like a machine today! Uh!!! Blog posts! Work! Dropping off clothes at Secondi! Pilates! Getting clothes tailored! Uh!
Eat healthy but dont be a tool about. The sec you grow out a new age pony tail and wear silk you should go back to burger king
You graduated from the "streets"? That must look wonderful on a job application.
At the end of the day , YOU might be feeling someone is comprimising , but you miss the whole fact of the inspiriation that took place .
if you hit it and killed it would that screw with your veganism?
The Chinese eat everything with four legs, except tables, and everything that flies, except airplanes!!!!!
You not humble you will not succeed the route you are going ! #Take it How You Want
Hey, I want to hear "I'm Not A Gangsta" by !
Freshman floor was shaken at vincent today nbs it was girls gone wild & GD Vs VL all day
great song 👍
lol , hey im cool with that . long as we're winning <3 & i did feel a tiny sting , lol .
Cold Steel Peace Keeper I Knife San Mai I Steel - knives made in japan
the second question is the hard one to answer. Assuming it was 95%+ equity, then makes me wonder what FB is really worth...
i think he is a very important component although it may not seem like it.
you are attractive and pretty, and plus everyone is beautiful in there own way
what a great semester that was...
Sitting in our newly constructed out door kitchen, taking a break from tile installation and having a micro brew.
It's a win for the west in this years East West shrine allstar football game.
everybody please follow my babe she new to this shit
Listening to Mohsen Alvi talking about PBL in Math.
if you are lucky enough to have today off in honor of our presidents, learn a little about the first prez and the jews! from...
OH YEAH
Wow, we're working on some big stuff here! A whole new version of to release with the #ROC print guide. We hope you'll love it!
"Please don't go. We'll eat you up. We love you so." RIP Maurice Sendak
Going to in less than 90 minutes!!! will dominate !!
Thanks for following!
Cold War Kids.. ": Hang me up to dry"
thanks for the follow!
I hate when people retweet a person I dont follow in the first olace because one he is an dumbass and two I hate him
Aloha Weekend Time .. Yay .. Sunshine & fun 8-)
and now to Olly with the black weather. "It gonna rain!" Thanks Olly.
Goodmorning:D someone woke up earlier than usual!(:
Wondering if the need for Team Leads is symptomatic of an organization's lack of real Leadership.
Great meeting with and of ! Big plans for September, and
ma friend stephanie is blaming me for her bf instead of blaming him wanna see more like y she thinks that tell me or ask me n I'll tell u
People are pissing me off. And my dumbass teacher made us come out side to sit for an hour with no shade. I wanna go home.
Totally agree!.. 💗
thank you man! Keep up the good work!
Batman is epic :D
I definitely heard it through the 8 bus window last week on Greenmount too haha.
I had a very light dinner so I'm hungry as heck now. How are you and Sky?
Today is National GRILLed Cheese Sandwich Day! Anyone see an important word in this post??
We're so happy your coming to visit our cool city! Check out a show at #Stage773 while you're here! www.stage773.org
lol she was so weird....she had purple hair !
Well then...
that's what we like to hear!
ty:( gonna take a break. i'll be back to play though. #ofcourse :P
I love the muppets lol Music = Life <3333
With UR constant coupons/specials/discounts you're becoming Kohl's - it's frustrating. I shop Trrumbull CT store.
Working on a special limited edition release for the holidays.
#XFactor is my show!!!
hey do not feel badly. They actually have a death rate for treadmills. Take it easy
": Why try 2 Fit In when you a Stand Out????"
be careful... some are willing to 'help' only to help themselves... they call that motive & intent.
Can you believe it's been almost 48 hours since the last time you were drunk and watching the Brewers?
Im a good boy.
That's why I keep a pen and pad in the shower. <cough>
See our Great $1 Beer on Sundays!
4 months and something till my birthday! ;d
"Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one's definition of your life; define yourself."
Watch Tv
so in english we pre-read romeo and juliet...... so we read it before we read it??
- you don't need to run faster then the bear, just run faster then Dirk & Brian!
#WhenTwitterWasDown, i was actually writing, and scandalously did not notice. i feel cheated now.
Early meetings are the worst on cold snowy mornings. But at least I have a window view of the pretty snow!
lmfao, I know! I actually would.
Pissed. K bye.
A #RONDO JUMPER?!
" I'm not much into church clothes.I'm into robes of righteousness.How you dressing?" BlackJeans & 'Got Jesus?' TShirt
did you have..... SNACKS ON SNACKS ON SNACKS.
hahaha... Kinda something like that.
I'm rolling thru La Mesa from Fresh&Easy and I see my neighbor with a sign in his yard.. I need to get me one..
check us out on twitter and facebook!!!
Just finished signing 1 of the day, thanks to all our new fans for stopping by!
The lady at the nail salon fucked with my tragus while she was waxing my eyebrows. It fucking hurts now.
John 15:12 This is my command: Love one another the way I loved you.
Ladies. I have come to chew bubblegum & lick ass. And I'm all out of bubble gum.
HAHAHA Russell Westbrook is #sonotgangster he just kicks the ball after his boy just got knocked in the head
yes hopefully they'll come soon cause I think I'm leaving town may 26 D: knowing my luck they would come then hahah
RT : The Wood did their thang today!!
All I sleep with now are his pjs :D
I'm envisioning a future where shaka goes to Illinois, gard to Nebraska, and in 4 years Brad Stevens to Wisconsin
Spring is here! Outdoor performances coming soon! Where would you like to see some ballet in NYC?
It was so cool riding the ferry during #EarthHour. Opera House lights + the Sydney Harbour Bridge were off!
i look forward to the day when we look back and realize that our music meant something to someone. for now, it's for us. i get that.
Over the weekend I'm going to put together a list of all the Twitter accounts that I have (30) for Pay Per Tweets including :)
I've been on Roosevelt for an hour, going south. I could have walked home by now.
Time to get back in the swing of things! #9RoundMinute coming up at noon!!
If you loved me you'll show me instead of always telling me.
Corporate life is not for me.
All mock picks seem=OTs. W/ Collie and Hayden's health issues couldn't we go WR/CB? Or do u see White/Tyron making improvements?
So...Buckethead doesn't get inducted with Guns N Roses, but Steven Adler does? They both played on one album...
We need ONE MORE fan to reach 300 Likes on FB! Who will be our 300th #Encore Fan!?
Hi Monica, thanks for the Special K. Have a good weekend.
Agreed! "Housing first" model's very gratifying all around.
Workout kicked my butt keeps me motivated too!! Now to get ready for the week..
Enjoyed "Al Cortar Una Gardenia" by Little Joe on Pandora
I'm glad to here the poon squad put in on poo county
One Channel Star Wars Another Lord Of The Rings
you were a few episodes too late my friend, missed my FVJ rant and about 5 weeks worth of Hatchet tangents haha!
word. Thats what's up sir.
omg n it's cold to go outside lol so after Toyota where u guys going
Next person i encounter walking their dog at a snail's pace will have a bag of fecal matter thrown at them. End of story.
I love Nicki Minaj with blonde hair
morning i already liked u on facebook
Starting a brand new 1-3NLH. Come on over and get in the game!!!
Few people think more than two or three times a year; I have made an international reputation for myself by thinking once or twice a week.
No rain, palm trees, and a warm breeze. This is going to be a culture shock!
<3 Tuesday! RT : Tuesday nights is Belltown's version of 'Cheers.' :)
NetworkedBlogs is a way to publish your content to people whove subscribed to receive updates based on categories etc. it helps!
Yikes! We need to fix this!
4402637309 alex's number
Andre luck first overall pick 😱 shocker 😒
are you going to be on tough enough of season 2
thank u 4 make me believe there's nthn impossible and we should believe in our dreams i like u JB
I need to get on that 😒
Dinner at Dinosaur BBQ with , #LaurenO, #DoreenO, and
So #whoyougot in tomorrows games??
Our skin needs to breathe freely as it is a breathing, living organ that regularly moves thousands of skin cells each day.
To the girl at school trying to be a #hipster you look like the thrift store exploded.
Do you matter?
Decreased interest rates may pose new opportunities for you! Reduce your mortgage balance by 13-15 years! Contact Erik today!
And can we go 2 ? You know I need cupcakes RT I'll be in Dallas for Cinco de Mayo! Can't wait to go to
They got nothin' on yooooouuuu, baby. :)
#COMMUNITY time!
you love me secretly
Getting my diploma tomorrow. Yuh.
Throw me a follow. Thanks. Dr. Spanish
delicious delicious brisket
25 days alcohol free and I am starting to see what my drinking screwed up
argggghhh I wish I were there! Are these movies accompanied by live piano players?? That would be amazing.
“: out sun bathing:-)” sounds lovely !
Most satisfying: Dogs breath steaming in sunlight - Winter morning walk.
Women will never equal men until they can walk down the street with a bald head and a beer gut, and still think they are sexy.
i love you on tvd
let your tweeps know how it is!
I definitely hear your reservations.
Thanks for the RT. You're the best!
u always tryna bake on da low ....I'm 511
#np Home by Michael Buble... can't wait to go home for the first weekend since Xmas break
Goodnight loves got a long day ahead of me tomorrow blessed dreams!
Yay! I love stretching my ears! ^_^ 7\16IN. :D can't wait to have my Day Of The Dead plugs for xmas!
bot time DAMN IT!!!
Thank you kindly for the RT!
Laying In My Bed. . .
what's up. music www.kingbabajames
I just steamed rice. Now the whole house smells like I just steamed rice.
Welcoming the final four to Houston!!! Make sure to check out my website and schedule a little extra fun
Stop staying up late RT : I am soo tired
WE ARE MARSHALL is apparently more terrible than I remember.
The UN Chief is warning governments against using the economic crisis as an excuse to cut funding for fighting AIDS.
Reading suggestion: Escape from Cubicle Nation: From Corporate Prisoner to Thriving Entrepreneur by Pamela Slim ()
please follow meh
If you HAD to choose would you rather gain $10,00 in debt or 50 pounds in body weight? Pauly will read your replies later today around 2:40p
Love you Anita B.
A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty. -Sir Winston Churchill
just trying to make it through school! I saw you got a big samba gig!! Nice!
if its gonna rain, this is the part of the week to do it !!
I want to be Pillowman Pierce. Minus the racism and erectile dysfunction
I didnt know they had scripted pots
City Market revitalization is incredible. New vendors, new look, new energy. Love what you've done with the place!
Chamber Business Expo @ the mall Wednesday. Stop by & say "hello" to our local businesses!
Michael Robles, the man accused of killing a Carlsbad woman, will be arraigned on Weds. in Vista at 1:30.
my parents got this new dog but he runs away from people, and is very shy... he's 5 yrs old now... so he must of had a bad life..
"change agent" for law firms. I love it!
ben keep it up bro
RT : Put it on your calendars: Just Tap performing this Saturday at the Black Rock Center 5/19 :00pm
What's up ma wat it do
It's the last day of the Home and Garden show - your last chance to enter our free furnace giveaway!
in that case I guess kill'em if you must...
Fucking BahHumbug... I didn't wanna go to the Christmas parade of Lights anyhow
Just started reading Matterhorn by Karl Marlantes. I am excited.
888 Poker has become the official “fanzone” for the Celtic FC. What that means is more football related promotions and member rewards.
I feel so bad I can't even call out over the UK/ Reds nonsense
Really wanna run away sometimes
Take it easy there, Nurse Bella. Don't stress yourself out, beautiful.
hahaha oh I totally remember.
great night, indeed! Thanks for being so cool to us.
No school again!
Swedish Fish Taco RT Lana Del Taco
Chillin wit B...... Wish I had the comfort of another right now but I guess thats life! And I love my friends lots!!!
good luck fella...and I'm an LBJ fan...still love the pacers tho...going be hard to root against them
I getting through it. Today was just a bad day. I thank you for listening to my rant. I just needed an outlet to do it.
I had a very good birthday today love everyone
Sometimes I look back at our conversations and then I regret it cuz I remind myself how much I miss you and how much I wish we still talked
Everyone that follows will get a follow back! Make sure you follow each other to gain more!
Lemme amend my last tweet a traditional college experience or whatever it is thesekids do other than not fun on the weekend
"Game of Thrones" did it tonight..
Come see the great film written by a 19-year-old Fassbinder... 'Water Drops on Burning Rocks' starts tomorrow, 7 & 9:30pm. 1st show of Fall!
have a question for you
Hey, help me out here. Is Katy Perry saying that she straps babies to fireworks?
I wish I could walk when I was 1 day old.
Maybe I have no heart cause all I can remember was feeling so lost.
Keep beating the yankees!!!!
"Thao! Stop tweeting about me!" -
I sleep all day. I'm surprised still loves me and puts up with it. <3
wait what?
#dwts always make me wanna go sign up for a local ballroom dancing class, lol.
Shuga on both lips before work :) 😏
Plenitude. Pedestrian intensity. What to do about the :: kinetic energy of indifference? (Which is, we say, about the eye.)
You're killing my poor friend in the Webby voting. He's not famous like you, so that's not very fair, John.
Hey guys we are going to peachtree mall today at 5:30 to sell some CDs if you want one come get one!!
I bought a Time Machine! Ok, I bought a Watch ~
that sucks. What's wrong?
studio down for a min. but i will be back soon wit some super hott ish!!! Sean Pizo
You're right, it did have a digital context, but I like thinking about the ties between the two- human/digital
hell no! :) Tigers need to win! come on Tigers!
At a restaurant in ohare airport a woman just took a coffee mug full of wine to go
Is this the greatest job in the world or what?
Looking forward to hearing from
youre welcome Antonio
There is a difference between giving up and knowing when you've had enough.
yeah you ain't that crazy lol
i know i'm sposed to be on politics but jim just asked chrissy to marry him on love and hip hop... collective aww.. now back to iowa
Big day today and ready for fun
Got it!!! Thanks! Look for it tomorrow...would you like the 5 or 6 am hour???
Excited to sit next to CEO Jim Seay, gunning for a job to test ride roller coasters ;-)
Beautiful ball movement by the Mavs! Offense continues to look in sync....
hurry ya ass. Lmao
<3 sorry i suck but yeh get there so you can slang shirts.
And that's when I called Will Farrell.
There's not enough Chicano hip hop artist whose name doesn't start with lil or ese. The game needs a rapper that can turn it up.
Had to tell her face down ass up
i left my window open a little last night. ya know so i would have to cuddle up cause it gets colder. but now i have a sore throat:(
Whats the boys twitter names?
what are you doing up this late?
Registration just opened today -- right before noon.
I used an app called Snapseed ('drama' filter :)). unbelievably gorgeous 360-deg views from up here...
Happy Saturday! I'm heading over to the Apple store this morning! :)
hey thanks :) one of my planned Spring Break treats is going to your book event here in Seattle! Glad the tour started out well
I see hell got a NEA grant
Crazy to read the passing of MCA. Use your time here on Earth on the things you want to accomplish because you may never get the opportunity
why text me at 2am, if you're just not gonna reply?
Ah thank god. gained back the followers I lost after my #crazyfamily #Easter tweets ;)
I saw I had a notification and I smiled cause I thought followed me but.... I was wrong:(
#mnwiId Damn do I hate Iginla!!!
happy New Year!!! (:
ah!That sucks /: btw where do you live?(:
9:30pm. and there? btw, i got tweet limit on that account
Workout kicked my butt this morning. Doesn't help that I am still sore from tripping and falling down the stairs on Sunday
I normally don't have any issues. I've been a Comcast customer forever. But I worked in IT. No maintenance is scheduled mid-day.
is going to win the National Lottery this week. I know that because I'm going to spend $20 on tickets. That makes me confident.
Tonight! Show at the Triple Rock in Minneapolis, w/ and Triple Crossed . Doors at 5pm, we play at 5:30!!!
Is listening to 'The Psychology of Selling:The Art of Closing the Sale' by #briantracy on
no surprise that i'm in a good mood; worked with and Apple this morning. great #customerservice driven businesses
#IHSMDC Awesome Event! Thank you and The speakers were great! Look forward to the next one.
thanks for checking us out! Hope you enjoy the music :) --
So sorry i missed your Birthday,it looked like it was a lot of fun. Happy Belated Birthday Sophia. I hope you fun with mum&dad
what drawing? 😊
I love shooting in film, especially when I have access to a darkroom :)
pB Chocolate whoopie pie?!?!?! I can't believe I'm missing it. Maybe the truck swings by my place next? ;D
Seriously...with community members, faculty, students, "experts". Focused on Englewood & solving problems w/ resources available.
The First oil well ever discovered was in Asia in 1848 by Russian Engineer F. M. Semyenov.
Id dont ever get good morning mentions
b/c they don't believe that to be en greve means you're a criminal?
Good Morning! Hope that your day is truly blessed!
We hear you! RT : #pla12 please always book your ebook programs in the largest rooms. #ala12, you are on notice.
Can I please just be 18 already and moove out of this fucking place!
Baby oh baby we hit these free throws and its over! Clipper Nation rise up!
Yes! I love it here. Was born here so this is home.
follow and please :D x42
Absolutely! When that might be is another story. Can't do my schedule until I get IGS booth schedule done.
RT : I don't remember doing this before but right now I am watching NASCAR. Daytona 500 at night is pretty cool.
THANKX for the follow ....
Top Fam checkin' in... you good?
Mayn I'm on my last popsicle :(
UW Media Center now lends DVDs & VHS (yes, we still have those!) via Inter-Library Loan. Come join us other ARL libraries, lend your media!
ha! But he does have a soft spot for cranky journalists ;-)
Sometimes it hard...but knowing it will all be over soon makes it all worth it...Ive waited a long time, knowing Im Close makes me Impatient
I Love You Jc :)
hell yes. And send us all a box.
you guys need a mobile site.
Medium and beige skin looks naturally glowing in shades of corals and light berries. Try Mary Kay® NouriShine® Lip Gloss in Berry Sparkle
$$$ Kentucky & Indiana would make more $$ playing at Lucas Oil every year rather than Home 1 yr then nothing in the off yr.
Ryan Braun... Really? Say it isn't true
The best way to appreciate your job is to imagine yourself without one - Oscar Wilde
hacking patty ^_^ follow me :)
hahahaha! No, I don't have a canadian accent. The border is still at least an hour away, and we don't usually mingle. ;)
in Wisconsin low A
RT : The unofficial kickoff for summer fun starts next Friday! Our Memorial Day holiday weekend includes fireworks,......
Hey I think we still need to paint Vajenna tunnel!
BTW, redesigned my blog a bit. Hope it's more engaging. www.stagemomma.wordpress.com... thoughts?
Go Cats!! Congrats to Coach Calipari, Buster Brow, and the whole Big Blue Nation #comebackforseconds!
Thanks for the RT! About that time for the FREE wine tasting. Cheers!
Can someone tell me how to insert a picture into a DEN blog?
The battle for who's more in the pocket of special interests continues between &
It's #sunday get yo #church on however u do. Then listen to us on #rhapsody!z
Was that directed at ?
I love the flavors you put together in your recipes! So unexpected!
Keith Richards' "Life" is fantastic.
GET TWO COIN CODES TODAY FROM TOYS R US
so nice to meet you in person yesterday!
I'll say it again #Okc ya fuck everything else
we <3 you right back!
I get to interview the biggest collector in #SouthAfrica today! Video will be coming soon!!! ^JB
ha ...how ya been
I can help you drain your balls!!
I did that all weekend! Lol
Busy week ahead, a lot of planning for next shoot of The Wailing.
Fuckin these tacos up
Our current featured artist in the shop, Eric Wixon, has his art on the cover of the new San Diego City Beat.
is impossible that you see this tweet but im from uruguay and i have a dream that never will come true but im trust287
I miss you.
To be truly effective,you must speak with such intensified &exalted naturalness that your auditors never dream that you are trained-Carnegie
Thanks Clifford! RT , Friends for
lol not a big Kevin Hart fan?
wait, they're talking about arrays at #drupalcon?
It's official: has ended the TWC-MSG dispute.
Saying the only reason you went to culinary school for is to "get the paper".
oh it rightfully deserves to be.
Broke my heart to move to my bench on my #fantasyfootball team. Thoughts and prayers are with you! Xoxo
I just heard the cover of Somebody I Used to Know by & ...OMG.
a 9 ft russian catfish
Anothers says "we are sean bell."
<3 so excited for your musical world domination =D
Love it!! do you have pictures?!?!
i am a happy camper finally got my digital performer 5 to sync with my akai xr-20 drum machine
Grateful for a bunch of extra boxes at work that help with moving.
That awkward moment when you see two lesbians and wonder which one makes the sandwiches..
we get an extra hour? I don't know what to do with the 24 I already have.
ha! Delayed response yes:)
Call for Stories at Lamplighter Roasting Company, this Saturday from 4-6! See you then!
better late than never hehe!!
Great meeting you and hanging out.See you guys this summer. Take care
check out the tweet that I just RT... he is hilarious
Haha. Ask your followers to follow meh:)
I don't understand. Im sorry I just wassssnt paying anttentionssss.
Thanks! Happy Friday.
No. 9 #Pittsburgh trails Long Beach State, 45-36, at halftime; watch live on ESPNU
It will be movie night I'd I can actually find a movie
make a drinking game out of it! :)
« The #NFL Schedule released today, which game are your most looking forward to?»
Watching #cupcakewars makes me want to bake tons of cupcakes.
missing your chance..
Trying out Workflowy, UI and tutorial is very nicely done, think I'll start using this instead of Google docs from now on
outside! Been in an office too long!
Because words are small...
you bet Adam.. and thanks for being such a good interview! Best of luck on your next fight.
I got to praise me some Jesus from behind a drum kit today! Good to be back!!!!
Helpful to read more about Proposition 8 (the "California Marriage Protection Act") on Wikipedia, to get a grip on what's actually at stake:
Speakin of pig on Easter, #MegaShoutout to #SlaughterHouse! They'll be tearin down in OC tonight!
get cho ass home!
2.5 million young people now have health insurance because of Obamacare
don't hate ... Congratulate !!! Grandpa
: boom! Did it pretty girl!!
Beauty Research: Avene Solutions for Sensitive Skin
love your blog. I love Billie Piper also. I have all the seasons of diary of a call girl!
Axl Rose will not attend the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction ceremony this Saturday. Can’t tell how much I was looking forward to it 2
Sign I'm a nerd, #37 - achieving Staples "Rewards Plus" status
Sounds fantastic! Thank you so much.
aww ur video was so cute!!! Go Giants!!!!
well, we didnt have a guerin/roberts/recchi/rupp type of vet this year. heart was there. 10-3 win is heart.
BUT MAN CITY I CANT
Check out new Thanksgiving post, Turkey Talk! When u grow out of a food allergy, you have much to be thankful for! www.theallergistmom.com
Placing the blame on somebody else must be among the oldest tricks known to man, & it still works. There's no end until somebody fesses up!
Drove through Cardinal Town right after the game, yesterday. So much fun! LET'S GO CARD!
Thanks Paula! How's your day so far? I'm just glad it's almost weekend! :D
Thanks for the follow. The only plastic we use is recycled plastic. Keep us in mind when looking for something special.
Dayton, Akron, Canton
Seems like the only thing I could eat is ice cream.
never would have guessed kg n Hollins worked together off season,i remember some exchanges bw/ in previous games,sure they ok?
No news was bad news for us. How's it going for you?
Back in the game..
So your life is what you make it, and success is for the takin' - If all you do is sit around, then your life is only wastin'
hope you enjoy "Red" tonight .
1 lawyer said 2me; "Joe, there is NOT enough $n the world 2 defend u n this case vs the irs, we would have 2 put the entire system on trial"
Baby you're the one I need tonight
Free promotion? Get more for yourself at the site on my profile. You will thank me :) do you follow 4 follow?
aww that's so sweet. I would love to ;)
Mikayla&#39;s blog: Mini Me Wedding Cake Toppers can be the unique ...
#TebowGotTradedFor a Rex Ryan sweater vest.
Thanks for the follow fordieticians74 (fordieticians74)! :)
Yeah, I would've done better with Batman, Superman, JLA, etc..
Sadly, droid battery gettin low. Shall be offline soon. Let's catch up soon, k?
Weatherization is a process to make buildings energy efficient. Weatherized homes require less energy, resulting in lower utility bills.
Happy Thanksgiving!! :DD
Looking forward to speaking to GWU class about Goodwill's social media initiatives tomorrow night. #GWSMM. Any specific questions?
I love how someone will ignore me for so long and then have the nerve to tell me that they miss me..
thanks folk what happen
aww <3 miss you too...umm i'm working on it! ! ! LOL some events are on my radar...i'm planning how are you love???
On my way to the IMG Training facilities to show some love to ...see u soon RB!
Fb is killing me
what??? Please just tell me what you mean!! Im so lost!!
mine been like this for 2 days
I wish I had a British accent. That would be so BLOODY cool!
Bounce! Thank you sir.
That's Pretty Much It Tho.
I see that Chris got back to you. You guys will chat it looks like. Thank you for the tweet!
Haha, I know that expression! We should find those two dudes, and have them stage a 'This is Your Life' for you. With beatings.
Don't text while you drive
Bears and pizza and rock and roll
Too excited for #SMCHou tonight! Come by and join in!
Mr Baskin! Are you at #tedxuchicago ? The first talk I listened to was about coding. We should have a
What do you want to talk about? You haven't made it easy you know.
So apparently I was texting #Oomf last night and had no recognition of it until I went through my texts this morning smh.
Blazers beating up on Spurs. Fans see it as a good beat down, but take it w/ a grain of salt. Parker & Duncan have the night off.
I need a follow from an EPL Legend!
*ice* Or a side of OJ. Maybe some cran. Depends what night of the week it is! <cirocpeach>
Thanks and for following!
Yeah.. it's the 3 Shells app.
With my tour, I got 2 free adult passes (tour/skyfari included) good for TODAY only but I'm a member. If U want them hit me up
on the road again! so excited to play another show.
of course.
Lester and Verlander combine for 13 pitches in the first inning..Wow!
Does anyone still wear a hat?
": I'm thinking about moving back to texas....."//sit yo ass down
What was it like being out in LA for American Idol? Miss ya' on there!
how can i hear some of ur tracks
I have found opportunities do not come to those who wait. They are captured by those who attack. If you would like a fast track financial fr
Sleep is the cousin of death, so my eyes wide open!!! - - itsPabloTime.com people!!!
Great to see you as well. The water powered elevator was crazy.
"Houdini" by Foster the People. Can't stop listening.
The WSJ and NEWS Corp. are idiots in the highest degree. I often wonder why I still call myself a CA Centrist Republican like Arnold
As I am working through the Guerrilla Marketing for Job Hunters 3.0 book, I am now discovering all these amazing companies in the Orlando a…
Lets Trend This!!! #PrayForNorway!!!
no no u got it all wrong. Use the Zoolander scene -- start blasting Jitterbug and spray her with gasoline
hello thank you so much for the RT I'm having a great time being the guest tweeter today. Any guess in who I am?
Aw, thx Luce! MT : A terrifically fun nite thx 2 a fab audience, a clever cast ,& a host w/the most ()!
i just discovered your work. and i'm better for it. esp. since i'm in the bay, too.
:O wheree?! what time?! i wanna meet you! <3
"Wonderful concierge! Great technology and attention to detail. Inspiring and efficient space." says about Thank you!
Question #3: named what Pasco based company the #2 Energy Company to Watch in 2012?
Coworker at new job: "Jersey is awesome! It's exactly like Shangri-La. We got Indian food and shit." I'm still not sure what to make of that
Any salient differences between wet and dry cure for bacon? Want to try fermented black bean paste, honey, booze, things like that.
.."cuz i'm addicted to.........." love that song.:-) lol you BEEEEEEEAAAAST!
my annual morning chicken biscuits with , really get my day going.
had to cancel Lonnie/Ellen Mosley Thompson's visit to our area. Lonnie recovering from hospitalization after Peru research trip.
he has played, and got ran off by DNELSON, then he is a t wolf and cant play, that is on him not teams dude wants to only shoot
got my Buffy fix tonight. Watched switch it up in "Who Are You?" never gets old.
That nigga went off on that boy ahaha
great advice, didn't think about that! Happy holidays!
probably in about 6 weeks
i only smelled it because I was coming home. Now I am too lazy to see if it still smells. :)
Now Following---->
Hash tag #fail on my last tweet...
Not going to meet this goal today--guess I'll have to start a backlog now.
We need your stories! Tweet your photos and videos of your adventures in Detroit to using the hashtag
This speech of Obama's is just the same tired old B.S. he has been spewing since he got elected. Obama is a curse on America, and a FRAUD!
will u ever be in the Memphis area??!!!??!!??
What do u think of our enhanced ebooks? Tell us!! (Tag ) & you'll be entered in a drawing for a FREE TICKET to OPUS May 17-20
Thinking of our friends in the #Dallas/ #Ft. Worth area this afternoon. Stay safe in the crazy weather!
Virginia~ These are the souls changes. I dont believe in ageing. I believe in forever altering ones aspect to the sun. Hence my optimism.
jeez since you aren't the celebrated writer of a free blog with 7 readers I don't know if we can be together anymore...
"This is how we do it!"
:-( I'm in Texas. Did u take Maci? I wanted 2 B there 4 ur keynote. : Looking for you! Are you here?
gettin paid stacks just for goin to college and making good grades 💰💰💰💰💰
I will never get tired of pretending a banana is a phone.
Don't buy generic Q-tips! If you're gonna shove a stick in your ear, then you're gonna want a little cotton on the end of it.
oh dang I didn't even notice!(: lol
what was the outcome?
U of Miami down against Duke at the half , 13-10. Duke is a good team with Thaddeus Lewis (Hialeah Miami Lakes) at QB.
If a threesome is 3 people, and a twosome is 2 people, then I know why they call you handsome.
I started the conversation with I'm going swimming every day must lose weight and ended it with I'm going to the store to get ice cream.
Gonna go get my sweat on!
When bored on a Saturday afternoon, pop in #Sex&TheCity dvd Season 3. I've always loved Aiden 4 Carrie! ;)
Try Texas?(:
Love watchin' my wife's face when is singing. We just can't get enough of you guys. You guys are fantastic!
Journalist from #HoumaCourier interviewed me this morning about reality shows set Louisiana. Found me by Googling "Professor Swamp People."
Wow, Osama Bin Laden is dead. Wow.
I will when I'm ready to talk
Listening to author of The Radical Leap Reenergized: Doing What You Love in the Service of People Who Love What You Do.
That is awesome! what R U exhibiting? What on the agenda interests U? See U in a 4 months :)
Next Thursday night the dead walk!!
National Lab Day is at the #NCTM Conference in San Diego! Come visit us at booth 2046!
its not raining its just very ugly& im never sure like the next min. it going to pour down HARD. so i have no choice /;
ima get at u when I grab em. In a couple hours
Just made it back to new orleans!:)
My relatives live here. I'm visiting my mom for Mother's Day. Not to mention, I love Boston.
Burger King with
o.... forever alone
even if Mexico made a good beer i still wouldn't buy any.. happy cinco de mayo
I Would Be A GREAT Big Sister!
yup u ain't bout this life lol
LARA FABIAN - I Am Who I Am: via
heyy i saw ur comment...thank u :)) i worked VERY hard on it!
Words to live by: "Karma's only a bitch if you are."
"Everyone smiles in the same language." - Author Unknown
Need to start working out again, and get in shape.
Thanks Chris.. You're awesome. RT And with this hiring choice, Goodby continues to show their quality.
": awww jus close ur eyes it won't hurt dat badd :)....dependin on where u get it"....Nah!! I'm good....LOL
I thought you were north!
You two are too kind. I'm only as good as my team! “: For sure!”
u read for points!!! Lmao
cool I'm down. Hit me up next week bro. Show them how it's done ha Hope it's tackle football, none of that touch football lol
Guide to 2012 western Montana summer camps
There are 1.7 million TBI cases each year. The most commone cause of TBI is falls. 16% of TBIs are caused by workplace accidents. Be careful
but how do vampires fit into histories of serial killers?
ditto! You went MIA!
My son has never seen me cry...almost today....nickname time for this team
crown heights
Happy New Year's Eve! We can't wait to see you all tonight to bring in 2012, Grazie style!
hahaha sounds good! All I made was funfetti cake lol
The Who?
Time for a little #Shakespeare Sunday!
So glad were on Christmas break so sleeping in tomorrow:)
RT : A very happy birthday to all!
I am not one of them! Your poll is suspect!
How about them CATS? This team has matured so much since the Indiana game!
So, there's a phone behind my desk. Should I give it to the teacher, or leave it. Hm.
If you're out of range for 98.5fm you can listen on kfox.com for sharks hockey!
WARNING: Shopping Inspires Beneficence, Bounteousness & Benevolence. Shop Until You Give All You Got
I greatly enjoy knocking out zombies by opening my door as I drive by! Makes me proud of my name
Very true. It does create a great spirit on campus. : )
Cuz i can love you more than this. Ive never had the words to say but now im asking you to stay a littke ehile in my arms~
RT : Super excited to see all of the #libraryschool graduation tweets! Congratulations to all of the #newlibrarians!!!
RT- if you ever wanted a tree house
going great! Progress! How about you???
yea I guess so what was ur favorite part about tonight?
Yes, He did! Aapne dekhli film? :)
Of course, there were some advantages. Put a chick at the Top of your Top 8?! You won half the battle. Well it worked on the eastie chicks.
thanks for the good words,BTW now
RT : are you familiar with the lawsuit WA State residents have filled against ? <-- Nope, send me the info.
:-) - btw, how are things going at Ignition Alley?
SOX: It was another slow start for Buchholz and the #RedSox but Will Middlebrooks hits grand slam in B5 to tie the game. 5-5.
thanks Michael!
Nobel Peace Prize for Egyptian Protesters! WikiLeaks, not so much. A Nobel Peace Prize For WikiLeaks?
seriously it is a waste I feel like just put your face on it I'm sure they'll look at your resume then
have you been discussing the book in class? you can get by with most teachers if you just regurgitate what they tell you :P
GOOD NIGHT! Dream of Austin tonight ;* -Ritchelle<3
Interesting...I never posted that. I was sleeping long before 1:30am!
Happy Mother's Day to all, and a big thanks to my own awesome working mother, Maureen Dunne
I know I was up there stealing extra tees like it was no ones business haha
Hard to take most of their advocacy seriously when gaining or holding power & their seats in high places bleeds thru all the orchestrations
well you didnt hang out with me... You fussed about being hungry, then left :(
I'll run naked through the streets if The Blake Show makes the Finals
maybe call/online customer chat u can use to get assistance on driver problem -goodluck been there2!
RT This Kreayshawn collab is the 1st 2 Chainz song I've bothered to listen to & it's really really really bad. He's hot right now?
Democracy does not guarantee equality of conditions - it only guarantees equality of opportunity.- Irving Kristol
: 90% of mental health patients receive incomplete or inadequate care.
How about next time, you learn to fucking read and not tell someone to "calm the hell down" because you misread a tweet.
fucking sick at home on a friday while cam has his freshman girlfriend over.
Comes down to intentions-but I know I'd prefer to see women at least sharing top billing if not running the company!
thank for organizing dinner & making sure everything was so perfect.
. Great question! Thank you. Do you have any other questions?
:I have been sworn to secrecy. RT : you NEED to bring backk. what do you say ?
Who is Greg Mahoney?:)
nice bow tie
Done! Week over.....great , but exhausting! Time to re-charge the battery
So sleepy..
It just makes sense on many levels. It is smart marketing!
Conversation in the hall has now name-checked Charlton Heston in Omega Man, Salvador Dali, Adolf Hitler & Darwin. No idea what it's about.
I forgot how wonderful the occurrence of "pay day" can be!! I'm starting to favor this employment thing now
Open vs Closed Coffin.
watching fresh prince ! ! aint watched dis in a lil minute !
Not really surprising, still sad: Singer #AmyWinehouse found dead at her apartment in London,UK Press Association reports, She was 27
Check out link to My Visual Tours.......click and view visual property of my listings. Have a great day!
one of the best songs ever. it's where it's at
everything counts!
All your base are belong to us.
We love RT love! :D Saludos!
Money Over Broads
i love the vídeo.
lol never thought of it the way! Whackin it to someones pic is a compliment!
I haven't seen the numbers but it's hard to expect a 36 hour spectating window from NASCAR diehards, much less casual fans.
Just read that tonight is the series finale of #eastboud&down #wtf this must be changed!!!
"Seasons in the Sun," "Theme from Billy Jack (One Tin Soldier), the list is endless.
Obama won 2008 in large part bc of young people, and guess what young people support? Marriage equality.
i'm gonna start a chest piece next!
I Love it when a homeowner fights and gets his foreclosure sale postponed!!! Happy Friday!!!
Just received an awesome package of new pictures from Romania. We'll give you some teasers soon!
Spending my Friday with William Wallace.
im in love with TEEN WOLF <3
says she's officially over her crafting OCD!
Great to be following Keep up the good work
Went tanning, took lola on a walk and now doing some hw so I can have the rest of the night to myself ;-)
- So... what's the wait time on a beta invite?
We have several great drummers that come to our class!
I recommend Healthy Cofee USA, Inc. Much better product and easyer business Opportunity...
oh yeah gl final 8
CLUB EMPIRE IS FILLIN UP GET HERE
Stop by www.Shastic.com & claim ur #performer's #portfolio, watch ur #SFBayArea Fans spin it like a beach ball in #Facebook & get more gigs!
Hey - we're in the same room! Online/meatspace crossover!
::puts hand gun to your head:: PUT THE FUCKING VITA DOWN! ::turns gun to the side like a gangsta!::
hey michelle can you hit me up sam.sessa(at)baltsun.com
Prepare for Tower Tavern in KC to explode in t-minus 9.6 seconds if KU holds on.
me to
Hey , if you send me a note saying my tickets are ready for download, then the link shouldn't say "your tickets aren't ready yet."
Just arrived in Vegas
If u can look up, u can still get up! Heard that on the radio
haha their strategy must be working!
Happy National Margarita Day!
ask for my wine at Phillipe Chow! Castronovo!!!!!
He just don't know I'm hitting this barber shop before I make this delivery.
Welcome Back! Best wishes for another great school year to all of our friends, families and educators in Southern Nevada.
": Be strong & courageous. Do not be terrified or discouraged, for the LORD your God will be with you wherever you go. -Josh 1:9"
thanks for the RT. How are finals?
“: 4th caution after spins out. #NASCAR”-Busch radio- "Help me sweet baby Jesus!"
Hilary, yes, let's chat more about the style show, can you chat later this week?
Is going to church tonight? :)
$GOOG is on sale today
Though it's darker than December what's ahead is a different colour ... Cause we are gonna be forever you and me! :) xo
A vacation is like love - anticipated with pleasure, experienced with discomfort and remembered with nostalgia
Put your heart, mind, and soul into even your smallest acts
I work for wvko 1580 am liberal talk in Columbus Ohio, if you will let us know when you will be in CBus we can help promote
Thanks to all my current followers! Also follow who is the one guiding me through this journey! With Lov <3
as long as you're the same person i fell for, my feelings will never change.
please help me get to #300FOLLOWERS please please
Hooray! Just let me know your schedule, and we'll figure something out!
Maybe the express lane isnt the best place to buy your prego test, especially when helped by a looney tune tie wearing manager named Dudley.
I was missing a part on a studio light, emailed them, an hour later the parts in the mail to me and isn't going to cost me a dime!
Bah! RT RP calling from Southridge HS, has suspects from a "food fight" in the school office.
Well anyways, I was director for two films, assistant director for one, & camera person for another
Ray Rice is the best elite back that no one is talking about...I really like the addition of V. Leach and T. Smith (to stretch the field)
In your opinion, does the government do too much or too little to protect endangered species?
what picture did they go with?
My master piece almost done :-)
thanks man, enjoy your evening too
Cristo Rey Jesuit is in today's Baltimore Business Journal (second Friday in a row!) and the Catholic Review! Check us out!
I know, I'm such an obnoxious dog owner... but he's so lovable! Haha.
Working on some bold predictions for NFL's craziest division, the NFC South. Got any of your own?
feels so weird not going out tonight
Great way to start the day! Proud of the girls :)
Rest up and get better Gonzo!
“: You're immature as hell if you still say YOLO.”
Spätzle made with matzo meal is perfectly adequate.
so sorry Sherri...will keep u all in my prayers...
that's right
It's beer thirty
Do you need uniforms? Embroidery? Custom Shirts? #shirtguydirect is here to serve you in #Broward #PembrokePines #Davie #Hollywood and more!
RT: "#WaysToGetDumped - Say you hate Harry Potter."
What to do what to do
right back at ya, chief...
Electro night at the Davis Graduate tonight
daily #dressage tip:to teach your horse rhythm, have u got rhythm? have someone drill you 'left, rt, left, rt' in 4/4 time. can u do it?
you should have to write a song about being a #gentalman ..... because you're already a
Closing arguments done in Amy Senser trial.
That Buford possession ended just about how I expected, although that was 50% his fault
my story is that one day I will run OWN. Bold but necessary.
Just let me know when you are ready to make switch. I can work a deal. Take care!
Its to nice
try to find a veteran 2nd baseman...question is who??
I can def. see arguments vs. Hill. He was the end of that tier for me, hoped Jenkins would fall
Stop. Youre married RT 4th day uve walked by the studio & I haven't recognized u. What's w/ the lookin all pretty?
First time I met you was the mid 90's on Perry Street. You were shopping in the area and driving a convertible! Good ol NY!
See and its shit like that.. its just ugh.
Unfortunately the GOP are making the same kinds of attacks against him with his White House staff now. Same repeated garbage
Can you help tony? : Any Traktor Dj geniuses out there? I just got it and need a tutorial ... Help!
Between Lundquist and Holtby, this is gonna be like three hours of overtime. And that's awesome.
"discipline that is not fueled by delight will not last" truth spoken by on my morning commute podcast today...
I'll be there too. It's my second year and this time I know what to expect. :)
76 westbound, ya fucks! The lawrence arms are playing in cleveland. Party all the way.
yeah it was a fake picture
oh alright lol
if you have access to a .edu email address you can get it for $40, but otherwise I think it's $80 a year
as good as the 4 cheese cheez it's
spiraling forward & upward into the warm loving breeze... today is wonderful
Girls that brag and yell out in a conversation "I have more guy friends than girl friends" are mostly the girls with no friends.
Why is it when someone is in a pissy mood im the target in which they decide they will take it out on :/ FML
This man walked into Ralph Lauren and asked for the U.S Polo Assn. section Lmao
Note to parents: don't take your child to a restaurant in tap shoes.
no. I'm not happy with american idol right now. :(
I'm 2 for 4 so far in the $750k late pick 4. Need the last 2 races to be 4 1 and I'm $$
Music between acts at outdoor concert keeps getting interrupted by a *ping* because the iPhone they're playing from keeps receiving texts.
What if the big #Jelena secret is & #getmarried!! AH! that would be CRAZAYYYY
situation brings up the issue: who is responsible when a library's user violates the TOS?
damn son, sounds awesome!
no you don't... #keepingyougrounded lol
Right back atcha! Gettin' down to business.
looks like a gorgeous day #ROC! enjoy the weekend!
breakin for basketball.. much needed..
that it is. still would prefer to be home tm that has won twice than rd tm that has lost twice
chloe please reply i wish i could talk to you somehow you are so cool and i hope i see you 1 day i will i hope to god
follow me as I follow you....
a little nap will never hurt either ha
“: What's up with everyone being assholes today?” THAT'S WHAT I'M SAYING!
wtf is going on on #generalhospital lmfao I'm so sick of this #Jasam shit. Just break em up already, fuck.
hm, that's a tough one, would prolley just run all over the place, maybe a franks and beans stuffing?
yea I thought you forgot how amazing I was!
Well you do have that effect. :-)
Fresh. I love that.
what is your favorite fashion accessory?
got my hair trimmed yest. luckily even tho my face is fatter than last time i got it cut it doesnt look as bas the last time :)
She's calling on libraries to preserve researcher-created special collections. IMO: important, but *very* technically tough.
His ability to chew silently won him the coveted Reuben award.
Im gunna start school friday
This is only #Game1 yall #Lakers ain't gon keep letting it go down like this...
I don't wanna do shit today
I've been told I'm full of shit.
and happy mom day to your mom.
are you in the lobby?
#SMTips: Buy store brand or generic products. Many products are the exact same w/o the big brand name on it.
Had the best day with #dphie love my girls and was the best host
Thanks for the re-tweet and fixing the @
YEAH TRAVIS SHUT YO BLACK ASS UP
ma boi dj shawt hookin me up wit xclusive beats n im gettin to work on my new hits. stay tuned. i love ppl's opinion and criticism. thanks
It Aint easy to keep on being greasy! Lol!
Shrek 2: the fourth highest domestic grossing movie of all time
Family breakfast, Cubbies game, Harry Potter at Museum of Science and Tech, Dinner at favorite greek place - Greek Islands. WOW, family day.
Breaking on book 3, Autumn in the City of Lights is DONE!! Writing to commence this weekend!! Wish us luck!!
How to Create a Great Content Strategy for an Established Website - Search Engine Watch
Love Ellen Cherry!
Since today is Follow Friday..will you please follow me?:) I love you so so so so so so so so much!! I  U Boobiana!:-)
Good info! Every article I ever wrote on diet/weight agrees. 10 minutes vaccuming. 2 minutes during commercials, may options!
I just might! Such good food :)
So bored
Its Brian bauer's birthday in 15 minutes.
I'm going to pound your green shit in you little alien cunt
Thanks, Chad! & gave fantastic presentation on Video 101 for NPO's and the #tsdigs challenge!
Form of warm facade, what rich beyond, makes me smile washes over me like a meadow at break of dawn...
"Living life one day at a time, and trying to be the best I can with each one". Inspiring!
At "Publishing from the library" at Berkeley. Could this be the new direction for open access? Let's find out!
I'm not a laker fan but I'm wanna see kobe go to work tonight!
Nah fam RT Did we Win?
Emails. Emails. Emails. Emails. Emails. Where are the NBA playoffs when you need them?
Good morning tweet pep....shout out to the big brown we was 3live (red)....so make she u be 2 we gone be 4live....
so Shaw is in, any guess as to who sits? Saad? Will BMo's big Game 4 goal keep him in?
No Beef - Afrojack
RT : FB page looks great Terri. I "Like" it. >> Thanks for 'liking' Barry. Do you have a page I can 'like'?
S/o to Changed radio in MKE
#DumbBitchProblems RT : I lost the cute earrings I just bought -_-
At Walmart and I see an old man riding a scooter behind his wife and he says "Shake it don't break it." Older people make me laugh. Haha
So I know I'm not the only sore one!
thank youu ♥ and this is
This scene in the Guild where Codex talks with puddng in her mouth grosses me the hell out. Ugh, Codex! Stop distracting me from noveling!
nothing worse than the rapid sexualization of young women. it's scary.
YAY! mmk well we'll meet up some point in June. :)
ugh so bored :P cant wait to go home!
You can never know it all. So dont act like it
yes! I hope I'm lucky enough to get el bulli tix. When I hear something I'll let you know!
Repubs & Democrats agree on indefinite detention but not jobs. Law and Order have kidnapped Liberty and Justice to an undisclosed location.
um bro can you send me a shirt..please..
Sometimes you need to stop thinking and let your heart lead the way.
why would you go gluten free??
well damn.. I bet that chick talkin bout bananas got u wanting one hahhaa
Bet it would taste awful anyway.
Xmas Tweets: I offered to help. And now my mom's ordering me around.
I'd tap that ;)
I'm messaging him too ( :
Smokin trees til my head right 🍃🍂💨
it's cool it's cool
Playing w/ , New Moods, and Tygerstrype this Wed at
'Hygiene hypothesis' gains credence in explaining food allergy prevalence - Delmarva Daily Times
Happy Columbus Day!
{Ad Space} Are you looking to promote your business? More space open NOW! Contact me to get started!
Watching Videos on youtube
never any of those what ??
definitely ready for lunch, but no idea what I want.
#alliwant is a good novel and a cup of sugar cookie tea.
Members of the NM State Police spent an enjoyable day over White Sands Missile Range, learning how to rappell from a hovering helicopter.
I don't miss my 33 commute => RT Accident on Kensington (33) outbound beyond Harlem blocking center lane. Backup to Suffolk.
There is no disguise which can hide love for long where it exists, or simulate it where it does not
Line outa the movie Hall Pass , "Are you lady's from Ireland ? Because my penis is Dublin "
I thought I was too, I don't know why it had me as not...
You can't remix Kanye West songs...
Just spent the morning walking downtown in the rain, lightning, and hail
my bad when do u come back out ?
Each year I resolve to act more mature. The novelty of that idea wears off after an hour.
as long as the hockey is good. and so far it is. it beats watching america has no talent and dancing with fallen stars.
so... Do you believe MVC is the right pattern for front-end programming?
I'll help. RT This tweet will be retweeted four times & then disappear into obscurity.
Whoa whoa. Be Gentile.
Oh my dear heavens....if you haven't seen this week's SNL's Drunk Uncle, WATCH IT! hulu://w/348495
yes! PanTone - that is excellent too.
Haven't tweeted in ages, so...tweet
did they take it down?
how was tola?
Not feeling well D:
Who's still up?!
Charlie Sheen !!!!!
too funny. everyone owned by a dog can relate to this!
Negro fuck you I am not your maid!
My feet are dead. I am not meant to walk around barefoot.
dylan o brien? yeahh hes a good looking one ;')
So I have found out the words to the beginning of Mercy kanye west .!!!! I mean I found out what it meant (ahh the power of research)
There are many rabbits in my area. keeps threatening to shoot them for dinner :(
i need business cards of yours. EVERYTIME I wear one of your shirts I end up writing Seibei on a napkin for someone
"I miss you a little, I guess you could say, a little too much, a little too often, and a little more each day."
"Have you ever seen a bigger collection of douche bags?" - my mother, talking about
#WITI #WTMJ #WISN #Fox 6 #CBS 58 Transit Plus being investigated by Milwaukee County Transit 4 the mistreatment of disabled elderly man RT
Ugh School Tomorrow
If you made a film about this weekend in DC, what would it be about?
literally two streets away, faggot
BBL. GONNA WATCH MB PERFORM! DEUCES
its really good i follow the series regularly and just rewatch it constantly on netflix
Nice view huh?
TNT just ran a commercial for Thunder Lakers game 4 and said its win or go home for the Lakers, so if the Lakers lose tonight somethings up
Ridiculous things! That's like my heaven!!!
lol bro for me to have made that test at 8am I would have had to have woken up at 5:30
done with the people who hold me back
#IMAGINE tweeting you saying " I LOVE YOU<333"
that's why we are going to win the walking contest. 15588 so far today!
Determined at our public svcs lunch: Denmark is the Ohio of Europe.
Craig you're lost without Boomer.
I doubt if the idea that came to me then would have occurred to a single one of any dozen of the brainiest chappies you care to name
i accept that due to 1986 amendment to Ppls Ord, some residents pay for private trash pickup and others have their trash collected by city.
Congrats! Impressive stuff yesterday!
First 5 to tweet back get xbox
you mean I don't have to go to Seattle for it anymore?
Yo Cleveland you are about to wake up to everything all white. The opposite of what this weekend is suppose to be about
Looks like we will break the record for the WETTEST MARCH in Oregon's history. I feel so good about that... LoL
Life has no speed limits, what slows you down are your self imposed speed bumps.
I will never get tired of watching the parent trap. Love it. Love Dennis Quaid.
Call 294-2200 for a VIP party, includes $1 Bud Light-Yueng drafts & wells, $2 calls, $3 Guinness, craft drafts & layered pints 1/2 off apps!
And everywhere!
I need new people to talk to . I need NEW friends. Im getting sick of the ones i have .
Sweet! Thanks, brother!
bands of the world: if you want to know what awesome is, go see archers of loaf on their tour. holy crap face.
Yes, seems like 20 lifetimes ago. All is well, I hope the same for you. I don't know what RadioExiles is, but will check it out.
im very sorry austin
I am smoking on exotic my girl ain't got no stomach lol
These new songs are so fun!
Zellers wanting it to pass but not voting for it.
Thanks for sharing, Jose!
we're not lol
We've endorsed our slate of candidates for King County Council, Assessor, & Director of Elections.
good luck :D
Debuting our new TV ad at 6:40 am on FOX 5!
Need to go tanning but to caught up in this game
Some talented people in that room!
Did a daytime investigation of Bachelors Grove Cemetery today, including a divining rods & EVP sessions at the old house foundation.
Success & failure are discretionary destinations. Choices determine them.
isn't it hysterical?? LMT promises that he will be cleaning it up. Good times! Xoxo
Currently onsite in Florida preparing training materials for hospice workers who will do medical record-keeping on mobile devices.
I know right?! So much better than my Lego buildings from bak in the day lol
u need to talk to me? What's going on chica?
Knick fans makes excuses for losses just face the fact they suk ass besides melo
My co-worker just said, "I don't like barbecue."
Commission will break and be back at 6:35.
good layed back night guess u could say, just wish kinda had somone to spend it with.. getting some shut eye see whats in store for tomorrow
We'll still be playing with them Saturday at Asylum skate park. See you there! And don't forget at the Rave Nov 4th!
line looks great! Landing in LV for can we move NY here?
Crimping my hair with olive
COMING SOON: An undo button, ok ok we should have though of that first time round :) No one's perfect ...
#JustDied!! x) RT ": My love for Justin is deeper than Harry's voice, Zayn's tweets and bigger than Louis ass."
I don't care what it takes or how much 💰💰💰 I have to blow.... I'll be meeting when he comes back on #BELIEVEtour #excited😃
poor homeless guy outside work earlier. some old lady bought him a coffee and burger. so sweet !
- Ernie needs to remember that this team wasn't doing that great even before Arenas was lost. Blow it up.
God Is Good All The Time
Hey We have great selection of Inov8's at our store. annd we might be able to give a deal to your box. I'll get back to ya!
This has to be longest week ever
At work about to get it in..loveing life...
RT : Hey restaurant folks, checkout how is using social to engage with customers. He caught me checking in on...
On the hunt for Junior Software Sales peeps in ATX. Contact me for details.
Timbers Army Team (Ballistic 103) signed up for: Summer Co-Ed Kickball at King School Park Saturdays.
House to yourself, better not kick your bros out
. Bipartisan Cafe is one of Portland's best places to work on that novel.
If Rizov and Sicinski dig it, that's hugely acclaimed in my book.
I just noticed that today is 11/1/11
too bad I was sick that day I would kill to be in that photo
Over 400 aircrafts out of airport in 4 hours last night! 160 of those were just one hour after game!
Laura Krauss Melmed will be signing EIGHT WINTER NIGHTS at the National Press Club Book Fair, November 9, 5:30 to 8:30 PM
Just registered Team TRX for NorCal with This is going to be amazing!
I was really just curious to see if people thought it was a sentence! On a mental status exam, it does not count as one.
Wow... Seriously 2 years of having your liscence is not "experienced."
I ate at German Marisco's last night. I have to say kick _ss Shrimp Quesadila! They also have the best fish tacos for 99 cents.
Da fuck?! I would've done the same thing if I was you. Might want to board your window it might break through glass next time😳
yeppers and It almost made me cry when u said MJ was ur inspiration!
What is that?
I was going through my followers and found you, thought I would say hello and wish good luck in anything you do.. Lee
good morning!
Why are you watching the fight?
Wish I didn't give my teddybear away:(
Your faith is the detonator that connects the desperation of your situation to the explosive power of God!
that makes me inappropriately proud. maybe you could explain this in Aristotelian terms? trying that was killing me yesterday.
Had a fun afternoon of coffee, shopping, and Parks & Rec with :)
I wish I was a pie.
“: Really curious to see who wins the 640 million tonight!”. Me too!
take her to McDonald's lol
it was really good. you should try!
Division champs
I don't know what National Cleavage Day is but I like the sound of it #wheresthecelebration?
It's almost physically impossible to turn off the radio when a Bob Marley song is on
I had a meeting yesterday and the lead guy says, "Where do u want 2 start? It's a choose ur own adventure!"
Or anywhere actually
Can I please just write a million cheesy tweets about how cute you are..
RIP William. I love you and will never forget you.
you watching the super bowl tonight? If you do have fun :))
whats the point of dreams scientist still havent figured out the meaning of them
oh, it is love. <3
Can't wait to scrape the ice off my car. Hey - help a girl out!
Aww shit, and my hair is all long and wild right now lol. I've met him before, but I was very young.
And cheese! :)
I feel like an american walking through Germany the day after WWII
Oh, you hate me.? Thats weird cause I've never even talked to you before.
RT : On Saturday this year, the Milwaukee Model T Club will display their cars, including several trucks and a Fire Engine!
Yes, right, but LCHS too. I did not have Deacon Wentzel who tended to modify these things.
Give me the chance to love yo. I'll tell you the only reason why. Cause you are on my mind
"Spaced" on Netflix! Dudes responsible for Shaun of the Dead, Hot Fuzz and Paul
ok then talk to me bb
Yes, definitely!! Anytime!
Hahahaha, not at all. I'm right here with ya!
What do you want to do about this annoying Rangers fan living in our house?
never knew all these facts about saffron! interesting stuff! :)
More appropriately "Wish" I could see the #SBOE docu and "can't wait for it to come to Texas!" : See 4 me at Tribeca!
Thank you friend! :)
Black April
Amazing Universal Studio!
maybe he was powerful in a soulful way, like buddhist powerful… so Oolong tea.
Hope everyone had a great holiday season! Now its time for a new year! =D
bout to roll up
Watching the longest amount of I've watched in years, about 10 mins so far. Kobe shot six times, missed every one. God bless
I'm not pid, so throw that out the window. 2nd you have less than (1) championship so you're not blowing anyone's minds either.
My twitter was so lame in 2010....
:D YEAH.
I'm coming for you, Big Poppa.
Happy Thanksgiving From The Kevin Hayden Band! Enjoy and be safe!
Q1d #PR is organic, marketing is many times a pay to play, smart consumers know that
I've got a 50 miler today! Got to get out and enjoy some sun!
Loved getting breaky with this morning
A2 Companies should cultivate the employee connectors to tell the company "inside story"...
Ramen Noodle you say?
I love it..
Not just the helmet. I wear the full Saturn-Apollo IL7 Spacesuit when wheeling the aisles at HomeDepot.
Jersey shore omg
now im waiting on u
when people creep on facebook and call you out on everything <<
talking about #fangirlproblems with
Just added to #WFX2012 Vutec Corporation
Dang, i never knew how much i was missing when i was with you... LOL
Have you checkout Le Club's Social Corner? Bring a book, Take a book!
ATTENTION:WANNA PERFORM AND MAKE SUM BREAD NEXT MONTH ON THE 17TH HMU. PITTSBURGH ARTIST'S OR SURROUNDING AREA'S. TY ENJOY YA NITE
would you rather be under paid or over rated
After the was war desolations will be determined.
you are one of role models :) you are such an amazing person <3 and beautiful person :) Please follow me <3
We Love the PACKERS!! So Proud of You All!
Go Butler!!!
I hate that everything I do my sister is like I'm tell my mom
Me too haha i dont why i an tweeting you when i can just text you haha
Thing is, O'Malley would win a 3rd term. Which tells you how goofy our politics are here.
My CELTICS are struggling this year, we better get it together for the playoffs
Horribly neglecting this twitter feed cuz I've been into my new site but welcome to Twin Cities #aam2012 Go see Art-in-Bloom!!
I cant right now cuz im on a follow limit but ill try when I can (: (:
Happy Monday! Shout out to all January Babies!
Busiest travel day of the year? Yeah right! Made it to our VA rendezvous in record time. Zero traffic whatsoever!
Just another morning when I can't sleep. I like to think it's because I'm excited about life. Life! I'm awake!
Menu Item of the Day: French Cut Black Pearl Porkchop: Brushed with Barrel 44 whiskey glaze, served with cornbread stuffing/roasted carrots
Rob Wilson exits the Kohl Center floor for the last time to resounding applause.
Loving my "Healthcare Reform is a BFD" tshirt that just arrived for giving a few bucks to
Celebrating KRay3's birthday (13th)! with her friends at
trying to figure out how to follow someone by their twitter username
Cam Newton is the truth
Re: releases I keep hearing that links to releases are the new trend. How would you distribute a CD or flashdrive?
The only thing preventing me from smashing my alarm clock this morning is the fact that its my cellphone.
Ik u thought i was gon come back around like i use tew nope not dis time im duin sumthin new
call me when u go to joes me n erin will be in lv ya dig
I love genuine, nice, cool ppl.
EVERYONE ATTIOTION MACI LIKES LICKING FEET!!!!!!!!
Thanks for buying the book, Duane!
Iv been up since six with naps in between
digital humanist nerdfighters FTW!!
idk dawg im trying to figure things out im coming sometime this summer
The team will be at RUSH Gym tmw from 2-6pm for a fun #SpinandSampling event! Hope to see you all there!
At Maxie's near Johns Hopkins w doing an interview for
ugh worst headache ever! so ready to go home and crash
is it too early in the day to be thinking about it?
hm Its Really H.O.T !! DAYUMM
#Hugo is an amazing cinematic adventure! Watch for technical Oscar nods! Young actor Asa Butterfield gives an Oscar-worthy perf.! MUST SEE
Let's turn a new leaf swoosh
No. What's tumblr?
Good luck to my Philly friends
"It's the little things that make the big things possible. Only close attention to the fine details of any operation [systems] makes the...
Hey are you depressed? I couldn't tell by your 50 depressing lyric tweets.
"MICA Takes Flight" VIP Reception: Thursday, 5:30-7:00PM, Reagan National Airport, Terminal A. Hope to see our DC alumni there!
thinks he's a made guy now!!
Develop a pilot project for centrally allocating $2million in additional title I funds to up to 20 high poverty schools
So what about music apps on your phone? Do you have one that you just couldn't live without?
great post about brands and logos
About time to get the basics right and create an environment for innovation, entrepreneurship and growth. Let people create the #jobs needed
lol really? its like that?
It can be so very expensive for a musicians to record music!
sicily and bari Italy
Another world is not only possible,she is on her way.On a quiet day I can hear her breathing- Arundhati Roy via Steven Lewis
It is important to our friends to believe that we are unreservedly frank with them, and important to friendship that we are not
agreed. Everything is the same, Day after day. quite frankly, I'm absolutely sick of it! :p
Murphy's Law of Laundry states that the article of clean clothing that I drop when removing clothes from the dryer must be something black.
oh yeah deviants r lurking. im installing a deviant monitor in my passenger seat ...and bedroom.
: U downtown today w/ for the race?
MKSAP: 36-year-old woman with a history of migraine
What a pretty group of ladies! Should we try & watch it at Conojitos Sunday?
as of right now, we aren't doing sponsorships but we'll keep you posted when we do
I'm not living LiFE . I'm not living RiGHT . I'm not living if you're not by my SiDE .
goodluck to you too,'babe.. Break a leg *crack* lol
You've never cried to me before like this Chase..I'm on my way.. Don't make me regret this okay?
Reality though is WIAA wouldn't want to deal with the PR nightmare of moving the boys tourney from Madison, if only for a year.
Is it opening day yet?
“: . Have to do it evenly to everyone. $20 a pay check would have balanced the budget.
Sweet! Ditto!
"No furniture is so charming as books." - Sydney Smith
Does this quote apply to political advertising, as well? "You can tell the ideals of a nation by its advertising." Norman Douglas
I agree... He's the #Bruins backbone tonight RT Bergy berg with a huge goal tonight, you watch.
Dear anonymous. Thanks for killing my library buzz. Did it have to be today?!
M, warm bath of milk and honey!
which one?
hehe My recent book was The Circle of Sorcerers, epic fantasy.
OK, here we go - RT the next msg for your chance to win a FREE gift card to Dogwood. Four lucky winners today!
Feel free to bring things I might otherwise miss over the next few days to my attention.
It's too little too late for
RT : If you've been putting off writing, I challenge you to write 3 pages of anything today.it doesn't have to be a masterpiece.
What's up Rip Hamilton? Hope you can help us beat teams. That's what we do in Chicago.
Maybe if I didn't write so much elaborate #BS then I wouldn't have to cut out so many words.
RT ": I understand. Youll be just perfect. I hope you're releived instead of beating yourself up. Geeze I want to hug you so much."
just made some chicken noodle soup that will outdo ur nuggets, lol! Better get a bowl fo it get cold!
Newark and Sherwood District Council has approved proposals to charge developers up to £1,200 for pre-application planning advice
we were already planning to move. We knew he would be getting out. Just not if it'd be medically retired, separated, or for ERB
Before I die I am determind to go see the Concentration camps in Germany or where ever they are.idk why.but I want to see them.
sing it. So tired of woman of a certain age have to be gray.
Spent all day working on urban gardens in and around DC. I met some amazing people, and had a blast! Happy Earth Day.
#NW Money Talks
Where is the fest held? Downtown near Juneau Village?
Good Morning :)
Omg feeling great
Touch screen is my biggest enemy.
sounds good
#What2ChainsWouldSay I'm ridin mario cart, 2chainz hot like a pop tart, I play the movie no pause got my sack SANTA CLAUSE!
i hope you fall into the ocean, and the current leaves you helpless, swimming around. as the waves crash over you until you drown.
plucking eyebrows sucks balls ugh! specially when you grab skin instead of hair! >:o
I need to modify my friends...hahha
putting the mortal kombat theme on external laptop speakers, then I'm gonna watch a bunch of videos of girls making out while I sit in a bar
At the movies watching twilight! Lol out of the moment!
Haha I took a nap and I'm just more tired..
Perfect day for homemade biscuits with sausage gravy and a strong cup of joe.
where are you watching the game?Are you pumped?
Those sound amazing! RT : u need white chocolate covered #Oreos w/ur logo. We can do that.
i wish capcom made a devil may cry game about Sparta instead of the reboot
Um...am I missing something? That's not what that chart says.....
I know!! Its the catchiest tune ever!! :)
Slow down, this night's a perfect shade of dark blue
People like that make me long for silenced long range BB guns. Just enough to be annoying, and keep them moving on their way.
Oh #weekend how I've missed you!
no tears running down my face.. (;
Last night got verbally assaulted on 14th and U by a drunk street floutist with was hilarious!
"Hi donut man employees, can I have a calorie info sheet for this tiger tail? Them: "...no, but here's some weed."
Nick, rather. Not a nice cave a Nick Cave. Completely different kind of cave.
Mike and mad dog back for a few mins .... Tremendous
Shall we stop looking at life as a problem to be solved? And start looking at life as a reality to be experienced!
if a girl got her own job make her own money pay her own bills got her own house nd dnt need no nigg
Chelsea Lately now
An e-mail with a shipping quote to Canada was sent to you Lynn. Let us know if you have any other question. Thanks
Was there a #football game yesterday? Oh, another ho-hum pro bowl....why do they even bother?
So are you still here? ^^ xo
name one player on ya SNICKS squad that even pulled 40-42 points on one player in SNICKS history.
working on the next edition of Dungeons + Dreamers (finally, again...): what are the best computer game/culture blogs + writers out there?
I'm gonna try to remember on the way to school in the morning..
Just some info because I want you to be happy =) May the love be with you. Namaste.
Teachers in the U.S. spend an average of $1,200 of their own money/year on school supplies. This totals roughly $4 billion annually.
My wife is going to kill us she will not stop texting and driving
Watched Blue Valentine. I heard there was a cunning linguist in the movie, but there wasn't ANY discussion of linguistics. Disappointed.
Wonder how they feel about Walker saying its Madison and the rest RT (in part), Rock, Douglas, Eau Claire, LaCrosse...
So while i was trying to tune my guitar, my string popped. Scared the crap out of me!
Getting ready to do another #hairstyle #how to video. Tell me what #salon techniques you want to learn and i will send them your way!
im great.youu?
I rec'd my Bedroom Kiss & Happiness & Joy - life will be more pleasurable - and I won't need a boy ;)
Eating some COOKIE CRISP cereal 4 breakfast, ugh I don't wanna go 2 work 2day....
Thanks. I would love to hear more about your work. It sounds like there is lots of overlap between us. :-)
I got ya! next vacation for real! MEXICO! We need to make that shit happen for real!
''If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world.'' - J. R. R. Tolkien
Who's Austin Mahone? He's and extremely sexy, cute, sweet, loving, adorable, talented, funny, amazing boy that I'm in love with :)
.... and then I got in trouble at school.
tony took 3rd
I didn't bring you any snacks today but i'll give you 50 cent so you can grab a bag of chips
I've got a Gulf of Oman Tribute video rendering now ;)
Maybe we will free the artwork or.. maybe not...
Great halftime feature coming up: Kyle Wiltjer & Gordon Hayward crash high school proms & get turned away because they aren't 16.
K.God Im ready
hey! yeah I'm fine. what have you been up 2
yes dear!
Looking for a Magento Expert in San Diego. Contact me if u know anyone.
almost draft time B-)
you finally got a Twitter account!
One word: #kacieb. She's the only normal one on
saw him at Rose Bowl, guy is a legit WR
"Dead I am the one, hound of hell you cry. Devil on your back, I can never die." From the song,"Dragula" by Rob Zombie.
yummy idea
I feel you forget me like I used to feel you breathe. And I'll keep up with our old friends just to ask them how you are
Playing golf with a person is great because you get four hours with them which can be more beneficial than a 30 minute business meeting
I caint believe this shit mane. I aint neva seen a church so pitiful in my life.
Sofia Vergara is in literally every commercial
New York and New Yorkers are just better at everything RT : Niners party turned sob fest. Awful.
My panicked puppy woke me when the thunder started. Now I can't go back to sleep!
WHOA! Look out! Slash, how ya doin, homegirl?
Seems like it.
today. Chicago entrepreneurial scene coming on strong! with a nice mention.
hahaha... Are you kidding? I hear they're serving spaetzl in heaven. Awesome...
No matter what time of day I pass them #mightyTaco in Henrietta has a line out the door.
Spice girls & woodchucks. Hello.
its outta control, 2 folks already fainted.
It will be early afternoon. 1:30ish I'm thinking.
You know you frequent a pub a lot when waitress sees you come in and immediately brings beer and asks what were having w/out offering menus.
Family Guy is hilarious!
A day without is like a year without rain:] JL♥
Lebron is not getting a ring this year
loves his fans so much. He does so much for them! <3
Exactly! RT : I'd love to know who is buying Flo Rida's albums.
#amreading 29 Gifts: How a Month of Giving Can Change Your Life by Cami Walker. Good message but author is somewhat annoying.
I'm happy to be wrong. Don't trust the Kings, huh? You mean those Kings who are leading their series 3 games to none? ;-)
Us Grannies are always ready for a safari. Where would you like to see us visit next?
Excited to be able to eat Jimmy Johns instead of subway(:
omfg Bailey tweeted Vincent and I didn't even know until now.
We all want the video diaries back. Who agrees?
Thanks for the RT!
there's your TAW opener next time round
Real niggas say true!
Just found out the office building is 100 years old this year. I'm surprised it hasn't aged quicker considering its tenants
i had the biggest hangover, even tho i hardly drank.
just had one myself homie!!!! Holla at ya boi fam. We need to kick it!!!
are u kidding ull take me to plainfield?!
I like him one minute and the next I want to get up and throw a chair at him. blehh
I did too lol and i want a shoutout, how can i get one?
Rashad dont want to take me to get something to eat
Hey twitta what's up
Let nothing be done through selfish ambition or conceit but in lowliness of mind let each esteem others better than himself Philipians 2:3-4
Thanks to dedicated speech-language pathologists in schools, homes, rehabs helping people communicate effectively, improving lives.
“: Rip donna summers”i know im sad abt this... playing disco at the gym today :(
Thanks Everyone for the #FollowFriday #FF Love!
I assumed he made all those recent bone-headed moves because even he doesn't think he is coming back.
it was last week ....
denim chicken
where do u live I live in newyork
Did you know? You can also pay your NY, KS and AL state taxes at www.payNYtax.com, www.payKStax.com, www.payALtax.com.
Sometimes you just want to play Magic cards.
About to get my heart scanned what are the odds they tell me to lose weight, Eat right, and exercise.
Today is 5% off Friday, lots of Madison Avenue businesses participating. Come shop!
What up fam, what's good wit cha!
I'm an orange moon, I'm brighter than before...brighter than ever before.
I did!
"The Joy of the Lord is my Strength" and I can feel that Joy today!
Cute song ! Looking good in the purple. :) That's my sis-in-law's name. She hates this song, but I love it!
my phone is going bezerk... ;)
same here dude.....64 and sunny
my Movie my guy on what channel
belated thank you my friend. Beautiful weather!
Cute little ditty by some hardcore State fans. But all you have to do is look at the sky to know whose side Jesus is really on ;-)....
#nationscapitol. and don't be wearing cologne anyway.
#RawFast coming to a close - good experience. Lesson learned: more fruits and veggies. Gonna feel weird eating donuts + ice cream tomorrow.
I like the picture you put on facebook.
haunt seem a funny ass tweet from you today lol was hoping to getta good laugh but maybe soon? :) night sexy
serena maneesh was totally weird, but in a performanc-y, look what i made you way.
Any big riding plans this memorial day weekend?
This rain is so sexy right now...
OMG TIX first row behind catcher #Brewers spring training...I cant wait!
Jay-Z has global reach, an incredible financial portfolio and there isn't much as an Emcee he "hasn't" done.
i can't wait to see teen wolf and i think jackson is the alpha lol anyway if you agree plz RT
you're welcome, Daisy!
y do i get the weirdest feeling that she was talking to me? RT: I like yo face!"
Going to the movies tonight with my bestfriend !
Kathleen and I spent the day the Boston MFA to see the wonderful Chihuly exhibition. The displays and Chihuly's sculptures were exquisite.
smart gal! I'm here already...thinking I will head down there early to tempt my taste buds :)
RT <3 #ff because she's there through thick and thin, my girly ! ♥
i respect it, but it's difficult for me to appreciate religion when it causes so many problems in the world.
nice lay-out!!!
We hope that we ate doing those things for our followers
Newt Gingrich is on Piers Morgan Tonight.
I checked for that first. :[
I find it easier to love others if I stop caring what they are doing in relation to myself. I simply love for the sake of loving. Feels good
I heard Jack and Diane on the radio this morning and starting laughing out loud.
I think I have carb poisoning
is it bad??
You guys freaking rock
Theres a place I want on my shirt.They make the yummiest dessert! Their cupcakes r the BEST, no fakery! Oh how I LOVE !
I'm trying to get trippy tonight! Lets do this
It's good to have a helping hand but a lot of times that hand ends up slowing you down
FLORIDA BOUND :*
I love summer simply because i become such a morning person #motivated 8)
Hm, I like bacon
alright, about to see what this skyrim buisness is all about
& if everyone else fails , I know my breanna will be there for me . Always has been & always will be.
Good morning!
not much here either same old same old.
Hopefully one day, we'll move past that by teaching our own children to love.
Audience participation for ZeroTime Operations: bring vinyl feat. clarinet, synth, drums or bass guitar. To be incorporated in performance.
Amanda, your last name was in yesterday's NY Times crossword!
just followed u:))
Planning to make it. Thank you! RT : You're invited on the bandstand at Rockwood Music Hall Stage 2 at 10:30!
No problem. Looking forward to seeing the show.
im always here to talk<33 and okay! :)
In order to be an #entrepreneur, you got to be little CRAZY!!! Lol
Trying to get into #antm again.....so far, so good!
Only those who will risk going to far can possibly find out how far one can go. T.S. Eliot
thank you and alright
Merry Xmas & God bless
Than after class. I dream to be you. A geek.
RT I hope everyone is having a great day.
Deep thanks to all who have served, and have supported those who serve.
What the world needs is more re-branded E-mail products!
Thanks! We do, too!
Is 65 degrees warm enough for #fridaycoffeeclub to set up outside?
im tired...
Perfect review and spot-on analysis of the typical Oasis (Noel) fan.
Megamillions update: tomorrow's jackpot is up to $540 MILLION!!!
Sing your Heart out with the Soulo Karaoke app for iPad, wow your friends with your singing talent and belt out your favorite tunes
What?! Clearly I need to get out of the office more.. ;)
- You know it!
it can be that easy! Yes I have an adorable mutt. They call her a Czechoslovakian Shepard which I think is code 4 German shep mix.
The context of which this folder on your external is used lol
Add captions to all photos and images to provide context and another place to include keywords for SEO.
packed the shit out of & hit a 3
It's my birthday in 3 days.. Swag swag
I watched it on Showtime on demand. Impressive show.
Lifes like a box of chocolate you never know what you gonna get. Lmao!
LOL yes. Excitement
Happy Friday everyone. We hope you all have a great weekend!
Its 3am & I'm fucking hungry
Call me a safe bet, im betting im not
I want someone to rub my back til I fall asleep
thumbs up on that!
RT : "It's a funny thing about life; if you refuse to accept anything but the best, you very often get it." Somerset Maugham”
We were just as stoked!
hearing someone say "i don't know what to tell you" when I have a problem makes me a million times more pissed off
low key, this high school bball game is on point right now
they are in the closet yet find you attractive
The equivalent for the Royals is buried in the fourth division somewhere. Incompetence has a price.
Ah.. Dont you just LOVE the feeling when you have to pee for so long & then you finally get to :-D
KINGS ARE UP 3-0 FOR THE 3RD FREAKING SERIES IN A ROW!!!!! HOLY SHIT U GUYS!!!!!!
So I've been in three music videos
ok, that part of the dream remains just a dream, despite your known love of fat bald men.
Shooting a video at Hamstead Hill Academy tonight at 6pm for Come get ur Zumba on!
Perfect-yes plz
Real men don't beat women, only losers like CB do.
At the guage/cap'n jazz show and its the best thing evaaar
you got to the bottom of the taco truck cover-up, didn't you????
Kup has free cubs tickets. (no lie) sick seats. Hit me up if u wanna go with us.
How many of you are waiting for someone else or the government to take care of you? “: How many of you are one lost job..."
can't wait to see sparkle. Love the orig one. Ck us out at simply grand music. Memphis
thanks for following us!
yes I will be in touch soon!
Jenni is awesome! Just ate at jenni's noodle house and had a blast. 3 locations. Go! Now!
watch it
The Draper family often upsets my emotions.
#Boise #State BCS hopes are dashed up thanks to OT loss to
It isn't going to b a gud day today.. I hav to long of a day to b dealing wit bullshit.. get ur shit together its not tht hard Ugh
Took a good nap. Now gonna go celebrate a birthday with the family.
#AskBieber do you miss going on your ?
RT Google+ can't be evaluated on # of users but engagement. Referral data shows FB & Pinterest growing, G+ not....
That awkward moment, when I'm in living environment, & I look up see my teacher has a boner.. O.o
Fort adds three in the third and fourth and lead 9-0 at Milton in the bottom of the fifth.
Quick, I need someone to explain the "stand your ground" law or how to make 17 gunshots in a gluten-free enthusiast look self inflicted.
Mad cuz the Pics from Saturday night didn't save >:-/
I heard 2 Pitbull songs on 2 different radio stations on the way to the office this morning. That's a lot of excited shouting, ha ha ha.
Decided to finally quit my job.
There are codes that we need to get.. we jus need to decoded..
So thankful for you Friend! =) Hope 2 see u soon!! x
the kings take the win today! 4-2 :D
Oops I'm awake
underage or homeless???
damn I want suck on those right now if I can holla back
And I put Grace in charge, so I'm extra nervous
Always business...its never personal, dont wear ur emotions on ya sleeve...dont put all ya eggs n one basket..the basket might have a hole:)
I will kill you in your fucking sleep. 😡
OMG SJ and SHINee are breathing the same air as me omg omg x-x
pues vamos silly the ticket is only 60 im goinh with my girl and her bestfriend
Have a smart phone? You can sell or give away old stuff free to people in your community with #EggDrop. Why not give it a try?
But we know it cannot be sandwiched
looked stunning on the red carpet with a House of harlow bag, of course!
Tried the winning-a-championship thing. Didn't work out. Check out my animated series, The Lebrons. Won't work either, but still! :)
Im about to start the day off with a massive crap RT : any plans for the fourth?
Happy Monday #twitterverse!
laughing counts too!
Thanks Stef - you're in charge.
Sing it, sister!! Love that you spoke up about it! Your body created ANOTHER HUMAN, give it some time to rest!!!
Celebrating last day w/our intern :( We will miss her positive spirit & grateful to have had her on our team!
yes u do , stop it!
that would be the one :)
Najae needs to come to her house in west philly so i hang with her.
As long as a team is reading and working from the same book it's okay that some are on different pages.
Yeah, I know that's why everyone got mad, but still, at least they got to go. I mean, there was only 200 tickets!
thise were definitely the good 'ol days!
Hey, if you are that guy with <50 followers who feels obligated to lemme know you are unfollowing, just don't worry about it.
Let the Ripe One In
Is moving for the third time in less than a year... it's been fun. I think I'll stick with this one for awhile.
RT : what we remember defines us...what are you remembering?
maybe I can be in the Behavior Analysis Unit though
Just munched a 'Bunny' road goodie worth 5 points!
That is really good of you
You have me LMAO. At least ur talking about a 30yr old.I'm talking about ppl in there late 40s. I'm the baby I shld borrow from u.
Immediate opening for a Chef's assistant! This is an excellent opportunity to break into a culinary career! For details, call 414-272-4544
I’m running at the gym every other day, I’m walking or b…
Thank-you!
go Detroit tigers
sorry to hear you're not feeling well, KK. Feel better soon. I'm well just busy with contracts.
Women who expect a literate, intelligent, and profound man but bring none of that to the table ««««
Dam first me and Jaime had a twitter gang now I got two sisters on me :o lmao
Yes, we are open today! Fresh and hot goodness to make you forget the snow! As of right now, delivery available also!
Old news by now....RIP Ronnie James Dio
That's great! Have fun.
Wisdom is to the soul what health is to the body.
thanks, Sam. enjoy your personal "leaning tower of pb"
It's a butt-in-chair night. I'm set to write for a few hours.
Stop by and see us, we would love to see you!
Black Explotation Award: Mc Donalds with the "Chill Talk" Commercial during the #NBAPlayoffs Can we say "Liquid Diabetes Juice"?
Who feels like #SUBWAY for dinner? We have subs, salad and pizza. Come get your favorite. Eat fresh.
you to mama. Please go to the gym tomorrow with me! :)
The UP is selling like hot cakes! Just called Apple Store, Best Buy and Target and they're all out?!
The Acai Berry has been said to contribute to massive weight loss. Try Acai Berry juice.
Come on Rams...You can do it!
I think I'm going to start with the SF Marathon and work my way up from there. :)
Bc's birthday surprise: dinner at !
& Movin' on to something better! 😊
Headed to Rodgers,Arkansas ..speaking steak house 6:30 pm
Great turnout for screening of Bag It hosted by Green Wheaton!
i do to ugh
this is true!
RT : We up pack nation...
I get so jealous over guys on my girl
can i get a ryan julius update at venetian FT? anyone??!?!
I'll invite your boy elijah (;
I've been feeling weird this past week. I feel so tired everyday. );
Seriously? That would be great! Can I crash at your place too?
thanks that's perfect!
enjoying the last few hours of the weekend
I played Malcom in 7th grade and killed it! :D
LMAO! That gif. Epic, dude haha. I'm sure that will be all of the WWE Universe's reaction I hope.
ok i just want you to make your money. Lol
Lots of Spring Break visitors here today for Titanic and Samurai exhibits Museum.
Can't wait on way to #MMI with
OH! THE PLACES YOU'LL GO! You'll be on your way up! You'll be seeing great sights!-Dr. Suess
Ovaries, I do not need you acting up when the whole upper part of my torso hates me, too.
RT : Amazing Nightcap party last night! Thanks to all of our friends, clients & for making it so fun.
really like the crotch rub in your dance routine. super klassy with a k.
your welcome n HAPPI 4TH OF july
OK...Good
GO ! Game one here we go....
Hey, Twitter Fam!
I don't want to be rude or downplay your anxiety about the situation, but a next day appointment is actually really lucky.
Lmao There wazz a pond off piss in the middle of the floor Xena control yahself
happy birthday!!!! <333
It's pouring down and I have a class outside
Schell Games in Austin and Pittsburgh is looking for prgmrs-Server/DB, Web, & Flash Demigod. If interested, @ me
Best way to make extra cash-look for the best Bonus given out by the Sportbooks. It can mean the difference between a $100 or a $1000 Bonus
okay i got 1000 tweets just about you, but when will you tweet something about me ? D: <3 i am waiting g
You're such a pussy.
We are almost at 50 followers! Check out MTB! Follow us and join us on FB!! Quality content is a gem these days!
"Take care of the golf balls first--the things that really matter, the rest is just sand!"
Im sick and it feels like it's getting worse!
we'll see!
My Best Picture personal favorite - The Help. My prediction - The Artist.
RT: #Gemini are true, loyal and honest friends to have»
what up
The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
Everytime I ask u 2 come out u always have a reason as to y u cnt.I try!Mayb u should just say ok instead of excuses grumpy:P
only one sleeve? CONGRATS! ;)
Yes. I was a starry - eyed Georgetown student at his reading in New South Hall about 1970.
FINAL Sounds Like Summer concert Thurs Rock. Guilty Pleasures is playing. Need we say more? Visit www.NashvilleScene.com 2purchase tix.
Big actresses need love to where's my joint.
Reviewing instruction guide for certification as a minority or women business enterprise
Maybe he'd just returned from a Caribbean island where everyone wears sharks' teeth around their necks. :-D
I'll say it again, Southland is such a damn beautiful show.
Yo thank god Reggie Miller ain't broadcasting this game just because I hate his shit talk and he played for the pacers
Heading to the tooth doctor for some routine construction
it just says small....
When this song come on I'm spendin money !!!
s/o to a beautiful woman inside and out, my friend for life. Luv u mama. Thank u for being there for me when times are tough.
Loving this session on recreating physicality in product UI...came by accident by super cool
You know what i love.. How Cody looks so mad onstage sometimes :)
Skating for the first time in forever. #rightnowisuckatthis ...
~I hate u couldn't make it n~sry-maybe next year u can make it over here ;)
scary cat lol
just put the flash drive with everything on it through the washer and dryer - for the 4th time - and it's still okay
Shoot, then you're probably not gonna like that spycam we set up in your cube, are you?
: help! My lip brush top came off inside my purse. Do you know how I can get rid of the lipstick spots?
Who I use to be < Who I'm becoming
Ok here we go time 2 make that move:sn:get money
i never asked lol. I thought was ur date? Lmao
I think I'm gonna take my daughters to the beach this weekend.
I would love to do the same ... for st gall manuscripts and for cuneiform objects ... my two big projects right now
Once I make my first million, Imma have Louis Vuitton EVERYTHING!
Apparently I called some chick from tri delt a rug muncher bc she was wearing a sweater vest
Thank you, I did have a nice weekend. And I needed it!:) I hopr you have a great week !
Thanks for the RT Anne!
Protect her, fight for her, kiss her, love her, hold her, laugh with her. BUT don't make her fall if you don't plan to catch her.
I wanna get you by yourself , yeah have you to myself :)
the power of suggestion- i might do the same now :)
I thought I texted it to you sweetie. I'll dm it to you.
Soap scum on shower walls: what’s your green solution?
Why yes! Thank you so much for coming to hang out. Hope you didn't turned out as sunburned as a couple of us did.
"Sometimes the biggest gratitude in life is just to put your feet on the ground and say I'm still here." - Mayor Cory
Twitter is not always the best forum for a back-and-forth discussion like this. Regardless, it's well past now.
April 21st celebrate The Space Needle's 50th w/ drink specials to fill up your bladder so you can pee and see the Needle via our periscope
lol cheesedrunk. The last Mac I made had 1/2 cup of beer in it. No cheesedrunk to report but it was addicting.
OMG plz follow me im waiting for the day! NEVER SAY NEVER!:)
$ A COMPLAINT ALL THE TIMES 4 BLESSIN JUST SAYIN.# POSITIVE NOTE....
I have an Awesome Chef looking to lease\rent kitchen/banquet space. Huge following. Weekly/monthly events. WPB, Fl. Message me. Thanks
If you're there early enough, I think photos of Main St. could be fun. 'Course, it's been 30 years for me ;)
unfortunately no I do not.
Joshua killed the whole fuckin show wit my fav song no more drama
RT : Just because you're having a bad day don't come around me with bad vibes
Glad u liked it! For the strumming,I just kind of made it up as I was playing.I can try to go into more detail later in a DM!
Chariots of Fire won the Academy Award for Best Picture in 1981. I hated that song.
On the air, broadcasting LIVE from 3pm-3am TODAY!
Where you at nigga?!
hello, nice to meet you.
So excited to hear just announced their new PhD program in Clinical Counseling! That's my ultimate goal!
aye bitch its saturday wake yo punk ass up
hey my fellow brother...some friends from the boston lair sent me some material you put together..Good stuff on the text game!
Morning runs are rad...
No matter how subtle the wizard, a knife between the shoulder blades will cramp his style - Steven Brust
hope things are going well!
hah, well good job training us then ;)
I've seen it before. But usually if it's close to the box. I thought a yellow was extreme there.
No way Texas wins tomorrow
When you stop chasing the wrong things, you give the right things a chance to catch you.
Goodnight fellow farmers..come by tomorrow for Serenity Sunday & receive 10% off all concentrates..& pick up our strain of the day; Jack X!
SWEET SUNDAYS at EMPIRE IS NOW OPEN 4 a Day & Nite party! Say George's list 4 Discount : 2 rooms & outdoor patio 1716 N.Cahuenga Blvd
Work the PLAN divinely designed for you.
Cool! Got an #audition tomorrow :) going to the gym later on to perfect some skills!
post pics :) have fun :)
Should be focused on other things. Like listening to this professor 😣
he said hi and let's do something in tokyo in autumn together!
Hey Wheres the staff handing out the logo emblazoned umbrellas?
Planning my birthday "party" with my mom! #yay! 🎈🎉
I'm so desperate I need Roc royal to follow asap
Been busy trying to write LOL where have you been Bon!? :)
Have you joined the #Motorama LIVE discussion yet? Join us from 9-11pm EST tonight and every Wednesday.
What's going on my y'all. I'm bout to rise and grind, whats have y'all been up to.
Come to the show tonight! It will be fun. XO
just spent the past four days exploring the city of Vancouver BC, and will spend the next week on Vancouver Island and Salt Spring Island.
Twitter Twitter Twitter...What to tweet...
Wonder who she gets that from?
Convo w/ friend after seeing the Avengers...I feel like saving the world, but I think I'ma save my car instead. Lmbo.
Travel tip with kids: pack entire outfits in separate plastic bags. Reach into the suitacase, and everything is in one place!
Illinois contractors, there is nothing worse than those bottom feeders.
Good Job Lawrence. #education is the way out of
The admiral took hold of Mark's left hand and kissed his forehead.His baby-face good looks that he had inherited from his mother was intact.
Just by providing a good example as a parent, a friend, a neighbor makes it possible for other people to see better ways to do things
just finishing my sweeps shoot dwntwn and going to head back to station! Heard my girl will be in-studio tonight!
good morning lol
They'd love to time death of civilunions w/likely passage of NC marriage discrimination to send natl message, don't you think?
No..? Your older than me?
Who said 50%off menu is for happy hour (limited time)? Well, it is for all day and every business day, my friends!! So come in and enjoy;)
I'm excited about this year's Maryland Film Festival
I get your point, obv. Maybe it's companies vs. products. If you run a company you're foolish not to have a path to wealth.
had an awesome day, lunch out and shopping, now back to the studio for some quilt piecing before bed!
merp I looked disgusting
Hopefully I take This stupid boot of today.
If you want to hear a bunch of sensitive band-guy tweets, follow He's pretty gay and shit.
The color Brown > RT : James Brown > RT : Cleveland Brown > Mike Brown RT : Niño Brown > Mike Brown
big win!
while #Giants think of Tyree & Manningham, the #Patriots think of Samuel & Welker.
End of the first period. Delaware leads Oakland 2-0.
Does J Cutty still live in ur bldg. Need to drop some #GreaterThan!?
Sir, I had a hunch you were an ass, but when you made a scene about someone moving your Mensa hat, you confirmed it. Also, Mensa has swag?!
Yes, easily.
take lots of photos. It will be easy blackmail when she's older!
everything can change on a new years day.... why Obama?
White People: "OMG I LOVE THIS SONG" Black People: "OH HELL YEAH NIGGA THIS MY SHIT!
WE WILL MISS YOU, Whitney. Our prayers are with family, friends and fans. :(
Uhm because we thought you were too cute haha. You walked past us like twice and we just like m. I didnt recognize you smh.
Whatever happened to Day 26???
Who got a new cell phone for Christmas?! What did you get?
A man loves his sweetheart the most, his wife the best, but his mother the longest.
gettin work done! Hard work will pay off :)
Roger that! RT : I'd totally be up for
I've been following you on twitter and your career on twiter. Congrats on the callup your a class act on and off the field. Enjoy
Its because I'm Dracula Bitch :D
Any plans for today tweeps:D?
#SignsYouLostAFight you limping backing to your car to get your gun.
yep, so use to making everyone around me happy, that I forgot about myself and of course no one thought to remind me lol!
way to hold on to win, just done let those big leads get away going forward. Go Pacers. 3-1 time to close it out at home.
thanks Jim! It was a great group and convo!
Dont go broke trying to look rich.!
Life consists not in holding good cards but in playing those you hold well. :)
Always Sunny in Philidelphia marathon on project free tv... S/O to ! I see u fam!!!
TCM is my pacifier....
Hope you’re munching on a bar right now! :) RT: These Sunbelt granola bars tho >>>>>>>>>>>
Following us on twitter, be sure to like us on
it was great connecting with you guys yesterday! Looking forward to this months activities!
Did he just call me UGLY ?!!
Bout to go round da block an hoop
Oh yes!
nice!!! Cool app!!
I have found it helpful, once one understands the categories and combinations thoroughly, which is no easy achievement.
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Black Bean Soup I 4.07 / 5 Stars | 11 Reviews by Corwynn Darkholme "This is chilled soup is made by pureeing c
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME!
Why does everyone think that marq was robbed? Pac was the aggressive fighter!
wear nuetral colors+pink. Wait...
ok #HAPPYHOLIDAYS have a nice and #MerryChristmasEVE to all and ill be back later
And all the while my dept chair is calling and texting me.
Chinese lady handed me red envelope at the y # sweet
As someone who does post openings, I would say both.
know lambda and tuning forks and then like frequency for sound and light and know how to find color by solving for lambda thing
What is wrong with people??
The 3 C's of life...Choice, Chance, Change. You must make the Choice to take the Chance if you want anything to Change.
#FF | USC's University Club offers hearty & sumptuous meals for our #USC faculty, post-docs and senior staff.
Heh, good to know it's not a total bomb...kinda want to check it out myself.
Check out new designs at www.ruthlesscultureclothing FREE SHIPPING ON ORDERS OVER $50
Fuck the police
ayyyyy thanks baby!
Meeting one of the co-creators of Perseus project yesterday, , all I could say was: "Every junior classicist thanks you."
It was great to meet you too...keep on inspiring!!!
Java, how are you? Thanks for the RT!
TOO BAD NO ONE WAS AROUND TO PROTECT HER DAUGHTER
your welcome, just call it like I see it.
Vikes give the ax to Childress....Brett Farve has a smile on his face.Farve plans to text Childress his "happy thoughts."
< Thanks for the Follow!
just DM the names. And why are you at their table?
It's open already?
Now that was fun. Lets ride this.
To do list: get on a plane to #Kauai tomorrow morning and forget about everything else.
Just finished taping "Newsmakers" with Bill Bryant of WKYT. Now headed to Covington to participate in the Magistrates Candidate Forum.
- Today is taking forever! I just want to go see and
A zip code should not determine a childs destiny
Just realized why The Notebook is called The Notebook.
I aint being a baby!!! You stop being a bully!!!
yea yea yea whatever!!!! Lol.
Thanks for following us ! We love partying at your club!
It's not policing. It's educating and suggesting to think about word choice. Like it or not our words effect others.
like wtf ? Seriously -.- GROW UP !
Packers fan....AND Avengers fan? I'm sorry, but I just don't know anyone like that.
Hi I am still waiting for my bag and going to the desert 2moro. How do I get someone in Cairo to answer the phone?
You can develop a personal image & brand that gets you noticed, respected & hired with
that was hilarious, but I'm more a fan of John c reily doing the whole mike honcho bit lol and of course don't put that evil on me
I use to want you so bad, im so thru with that, cuz honestly u turned out to be the best thing i never had.
Don't b stopped bc others can't see what you see!
Hey but you know what doesn't smell good, a mixture of reefer and seafood.
have video archive of conference?
No, truck is still sick! It sucks! This weekend we'll be CC Sun 10a-3pm and then back next week for sure! Thx
Heather Peters on Honda victory: "It's a sad day when regulations designed to protect consumers are used against them."
#WhyYoShoes look like they from the 90s?!!
ill admit though you,are an awesome champion... :)
for sure we need to see whose going to be in this crew first before I book it!
Me 2 let's go!!
- Thanks Peggy! Have a nice Friday and a great weekend!
Let's hope heat lose tonight
Nail Shop Flow >>>>
and last question and i should be good to go he says: come in to my place its ok for u to stay i need u for this partay?
Done too. Xo
I thought I'd save my boyfriend some $ by just posting pics of other peoples flowers
Watching Mars Attacks! - this is how you kill a Sunday after football season
Brii's party tonight. Hell Yeahh, ready to have fun(:
I love Charlotte and Mason.
The RWJF Aligning Forces Challenge Phase II live judging session at the AF4Q national meeting is just 1wk away!
"When in doubt, choose change." -
RT I have never taken any exercise, except sleeping and resting..
When the 'Mats "Alex Chilton" comes on , I have no alternative but to turn up the volume.
I still shelve books from time to time. Weed as you go, bro. That's how collection dev. happens. <3
time to start preparing apartment + appetizers for NYE. First stop, EAST VILLAGE CHEESE
It's A Wonderful Life is on ! Favorite movie ever!
see my tweets with
Palm trees, silhouette mountains and rooftops. I keep the beach close to my side.
#ghettotranslations what it dew = what are you doing?
its amazing! I play standard and modern
2011 Sure Things: A.J. Green and Patrick Peterson. 2012 Sure Things: Andrew Luck and Trent Richardson
YES! RT : #WPSLElite is serious & sustainable effort by Zanelli, Ferrara to bring cold realism to women's football in the US.
that is not enough pages!
A bit of fragrance always clings to the hand that gives roses
Trade 6 hrs of volunteering for & get a pass to the music fest on May 11-12 in return. Email to sign up!
Curious who won the PC versus Mac donation debate? Mac! $92.75 to $59. Next up? iOS versus Android!
You don't want to come at me, you enjoy the outcome. If you start it you better be ready to finish it...
#AskNathan are you excited to come back to New York? I know i am ;) <3
thanks for that follow friend!
And the defensive battle continues.
Repatriation is an act of letting go.
hey boo
RT : We celebrate our 4 year anniversary this month! Thank You, LORD, for bringing us this far! <<< Congrats! ^Carel
that's the kind of thing that I do...along with shameless self-promotion cc/
Mangoes atop a mammoth watermelon! Me likey! Question: where does one fit a banana?
RT : RT : We can't wait to host the Food Network's Brunch at Sea hosted by Douglas Rodriguez & Aarón Sanchez...
RT : toaster waffle, whipped cream and fresh berries. coffee. must have coffee. :) and maple syrup!
someone please taaalkk to me.
working tonight and your sup just hanged up lol you know she can TALK!
Thats my show!!
Can't believe it's install time at the VAC again!!! Looking forward to the upcoming new exhibitions!
To be honest... I'm not even that excited about prom.
My dad dancing to 'What makes you beautiful" ..... you cant even imagine... LOL he is so annoying!!!!
LCHS students want to go to Nebraska
True “: ": Clean clean and more cleaning blah" atleast you kno errthangs clean :-)”
What is there to talk about hm :l
Visited last night at with Fascinating exhibit. A must see! Inspired me to eat healthier and exercise.
Thanks for the RT!
I know Rudy Gay got joked when he was younger. Worst name ever for a man.
I know! I am forwarding the origin tweet. How can we get this on ours?
word up to mah art libraries on a saturday!
killing myself next time I decide to wear these shoes.
Building Blocks ...
Thank you, Brett, for making the smart decision. I really believe Favre would have regretted it in the future if he played for the Vikings.
going to bed
Everyone taking #UK ... All pressure on Kentucky. Just how #kansas wants it.
I'm alright... Could be better. Thanks babe! I don't know when but hopefully soon! :/
Looking forward to volunteering and 'digging in' with our client, Bland Landscaping, today down at InterFaith !
I couldn't do all that flying bubba
RT“: Baseball Tonight followers: Which MLB player do you think has true #Want?” and the O's
Cool. I'm thinking of coming. 8:00?
your platform only for large companies or large events?
Happy April Fools Day everyone !
Right on. Last minute snagged a ticket outside!
I am sad also to miss NTC, SF is one of my favorite cites and NTC a great conference. Hope to be there next time.
is it a physical event? Or just a video?
I'm finally able to pick a #knitting #pattern just for ME! What should I #knit? Hmm...better check #ravelry ! :)
I am *always happy* to support the Jolkona team Nadia. Love your portrait and video in The Next 50 the Future exhibit!
dnt matter RT : you wanna create sum beasts lol
I see you've already been introduced to our fans! haha. Let me know if you need anything, happy to help. Excited for next week.
you know there is ways to transfer music, I got my whole old library on my computer
Are you a member of National Association for Holistic Aromatherapy? $20 off a new membership if you write 'Liz Fulcher' as your...
As an #Aries you will win by any means necessary.
cooking 101 @ work rice and ground meat + squash + green stuff :? :)
Information or data?
Check out my newest novel titled, "We, the Enslaved," published by PublishAmerica. Get a copy today for only $29.99. A must read!
Incredible Ice Hotel In Sweden Open only since mid-December till mid-April
Great game Maryville! Great game!
it should count as one of their items though... hopefully it's quickly put in overhead bin. Bon voyage and bon chance! cc/
Hey guys!, we updated our shows on our Facebook come see us! And is coming up soon!
RT : The greatest impurity is ignorance.Free yourself from it.Be pure. - Buddha
Thank you for fucking me over
very beautiful video. Thanks for sharing your work and your adventures :-)
Meant to be!!!
thanks for the great info! i've been looking for a new health record keeping site ever since google health shut down!
Finishing "EP" for SLEAZE!
Show on Friday at South Minster!
Trying out Threadsy. Interesting.
So I woke up this morning with a burn mark on my neck & it stings :o wtfff ? I don't even know how I got itt ?
If sports commentary during games lacked to exist anymore there would be less violence in world...just an observation
yup, just watched this.....yup....
heck yeah! Picked up 2 bottles of pinot, just for you, bday girl! RT Birthday wine date after work manana?
I dont have any patience :/
I'm not going to be able to make it tonight, sorry, I know you looking forward to me being there. #mohrstories eeeww hey buddy!
Ever since I was a kid, I was dreamin' bout this. First day of practice, I was thinkin' bout this.
that's not very good, sir
"...and now he only eats guitars! Yeah!" -Blondie
Eggplant w/ angel hair pasta and tomato sauce for dinner
Happy Friday, stay classy !
What tools do you use to analyze card sort?
e! good luck! fingers crossed:-)
Can a young nigga get money anymore, tell PETA my mink is draggin on the floor likin "theraflu" by kanye
We even have a network in El Paso, Texas! Check it out
“This is one Santa that’s going out the front door.”
Auburn Fest was workin S/O to who shut the stage down. It was a movie...
Hehe ^^ & awh again? You should go to bed soon then! :) xo ♥
Two months ago everybody went from saying swag after everything now its turnup ... No identity
I play for keeps! No timeouts, no free throws, refs or penalties..
Its Time To Bring The US Congress & The Untied States Government Departments & Agencies into the Digital Age, Giving Them Social Interaction
that was funny! the "less tan version of Suze Orman".
It's already May! and we have a ton of submissions. Don't miss out! And tell your friends.
Plane! A must listen when I'm leaving on a biz trip!
thanks for the follow back :) are you coming to teen hoot
presenting "Solve Your Content Crisis" in just 30 Minutes! Don't miss this session folks at
can't wait to come check it out!
Ah yea, somewhere in the world its about to be 4:20 again :-) #Rolling up
Started using at work today, it seems pretty cool.
Walking back home
I just finished a 4.14 mi run with a pace of 9'15"/mi and a time of 38:22 with Nike+ GPS.
Good morning RadioWaves! Wishing you all a Happy Sunday!!! Don't forget to check out what's new with
i love you too
Memphis still sucks
twenty days before mine
tweet me!:)
LOSER :D
Wth its to early to be up :/
Burning the later-than-midnight oil with some classic jams, I see. :)
ugh. i seriously can not get it together. i am so lazzzyyyy....help.
I'm not really into real muscular guys...but WHOA HAHHAAAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!
LACK OF HUM
english class = biggest joke
He doesn't need this shit. RT Nick Diaz is an idiot.
Is 4 times around at Memorial Park equal to a mile?
Be careful lest you let other people spend it for you
#HappyValentinesDay to everyone. #AppreciateEveryday not just today. #LoveIsNotOcassional enjoy!!!!!
Good morning!!!! Hope everyone is doing well :]
Thank u for magnificent time aboard under-construction new 787 Dreamliner....amazing!!!! ;)
And they're pulling in social data. And they're letting you host meetings within SFDC. Yeah, those are some cool features.
A foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds -Ralph Waldo Emerson
&B's Tavern This Sat. CD Release Party come out and have some fun......with Specyphi.... New Laser Light show....
Students: is still taking apps for summer digital interns to help w/blogging, reporting and social media. @ reply me for details
You both are awesome! Thanks for being fans of our snacks. :) RT: sunbelt granola bars ! <33333333
...and so am I, Nicole!
Wow. Already tied high temp for day at noon. Gonna be a hot one.
If you're still playing music on your website, you may have fallen into a hot tub time machine...
'the holiday' & wrapping presents :)
I think I also bought them partly for myself, LOL, I would have died for those when I was O's age.
- thanks for the great post!!
I love how signs her name (:*PerfectLil'Angel*:) but then you meet her.....(: I'm just kiddin' lol!(:
That worst part is, I've liked him since like 3rd grade.
When gets 5K followers my boyfriend gets anal
omg thats so adorable. Oh how you make me laugh :)
As far as we know people always thought that real estate investment is a good thing to do and can possibly lead the way to one's succ...
You can be anything you want to be. Don't let the pressures of society tell you otherwise.
- you guys being there madee it warmer.! : ) -havee fun and be safe,!
: I will never be able to say those words.
It's fucking hot has balls in here and I can't sleep. :S
Houston, we have a problem: RAIN, TORNADOES, FLOODING...have a great!
You sure, isn't out of your way? lol it was your idea, and I was just there last weekend...they had some pretty good sales :)
Haha thanks Jill, I love that song. How you been?
Soledad is one of your sorors? I had no idea lol
Check out Google today. It's cool!
Working your Ass off Avril all the time!!!"
Perfect Day Off!!!
Still sick. Throat feels like razor blades. I just want to get better so miss less gymtime. Resting and watching
Fuck Wat da t.v's and da color brochures show u, dis Miami shit ain't where u wana be! V.I.P. to All My Fallen Soldiers
Looking forward to crawling into some
i dont follow u guy
Spent the day at the lake it was beautiful there. It's supposed to be 107 tomorrow not looking forward to going to work tomorrow night.....
I'm dying of laughter over here 😂 the awkwardness & funniness of this situation is killing me! 😲
Love your summer line tees- slick designs man.
lol! Get her girl!!
Mom plz come home with my iPhone 4 ... Thank you
Kool's Bazaar is now rocking the Artsgarden.
I assume that was purely a joke and that you've seen both Sherlock and Tinker Tailor
I want you to invite me to your event just so I can tell you I'm not coming.
Just got done shooting my movie ! I'll have it to ya'll in a couple days so stay posted !
I agree with Matt Fox and your assessment of rural NC. There are no against signs once you get out of the big cities.
I'm going to have to check that one out
"If you want to find really dumb monkeys, recruit at H&M" --Andrew on how to recruit.
Novak and JR didnt do shit in the series, only way NY could have won, is if they shot lights out like against C's in MSG
LMAO "Jay Z also told me that my shoulders are filthy as fuck and I need to clean that shit up!"
could the non-bcs conferences propose playoff through the NCAA for a d-1 champ & have enough votes to pass? Bcs Teams can opt in
how about Sportsnight? Very underrated.
I'd love a day off without work.
why can't more rap/metal bands make songs about kittens, rainbows, puppies, and sparkles?
Life moves pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around once in awhile, you could miss it. -Ferris Bueller.....Bueller?
Took over 70 pictures this weekend, most of which go with blog entries... pyrotopia, tonic restaurant, wine tasting @ pino's - lots to come!
Good morning #Vegas. It's breakfast time!
video shoot next month, BUSH is back, and I finally have a tan - kick ass summer underway
This demographic is 50+% of global pop worth $8,000,000,000,000 in spend. #Disability (incl combat injured vets) = inclusive
Jesse Lemisch suggests that we create a new Works Progress Administration to create new jobs. Forum on Job Market
were you around when we did fls so we probs didn't do it…. we've been planning this all week….
omg! i haven't seen a tweet from you in forever <3 good to know you're okay!
Minneapolis u do it right. Girls wearing yoga pants!!!!!!
Back to school, back to school...to prove to dad that i'm not a fool.
30% OFF EVERYTHING today only! FREE wine an cupcakes from 1-2pm today!
Summer Storms >>>
Reading Jung's Map of the Soul: An Introduction. A very user-friendly introduction to Carl Jung's view of our inner landscape. Mind blowing!
Glad it made it & cannot wait! :-)
I'd always cheat at Monopoly
call you smelly cat ;))))
We will work to your schedule. Auto Glass Experts, "A clear choice for all your auto glass needs" 414-409-7263
Whenever I'm depressed I like to cut myself... a nice big piece of cake.
if i could see #oomf like almost everyday i would love it <3
Didn't you get Buttock fat injections? a.k.a. the Brazilian Buttock?
I just had a commission and the customer wanted me to donate the 20% to you which is $40 for !!! ♥
He thinks I'm crazy already !!
A census taker once tried to test me. I ate his liver with some fava beans and a nice Chianti. SILENCE OF THE LAMBS, THE 1991
len start busting out some 10's!! they have been deserved SEVERAL times this season! give donald driver a TEN cranky judge!
Be a fan on Facebook, Just Search for Punjab Indian Restaurant San Diego, CA and HIT LIKE!!
Thanks for the follow. Cheers!
My mama is an absolute genius! She just solved my problem. I feel so relieved.
I know he's in a suit, but put Lawrence Bowers in!
you're awesome
Caught like 10 lizards in my nearby semi-wilderness area and transplanted them to my yard. Hoping they stay around. I love lizards. No joke.
Im not retweeting these things but somehow they end up on my profile -_-
watching season 4 of The Wire. Time consuming. Will show up for round 2.
look at you w/ your new twit pic:)
is sexy
“: #MoneyTeam all day!!!” Fight night tonight! #CincoDeMayo! Have a great day!!
TO ALL BOOSIE BOO FANS BOOSIE COMING HOME :))
at church then home to work in the yard fur_is_dead
Join #ICA on Feb 13 @ 3PM at St. James Cathedral, 65 E Huron St for Ralph Vaughan Williams’ 10 Blake Songs, featuring soprano & oboe duo ...
hay yo DJ Jammaster James-rock it in yo pockit! have a great day
This is more than once and twice for me! When did you have a crush on ?
Look forward to your fashion insights & hopefully some goodd feedback on our products as well. Hope you follow back :)
Pimp My Ride marathon hahaha forgot how much i loved this show!
No straight man should use instagram that much.
RT : I don't like the trend of people posting news via auto feedzilla. Value comes from personal curation of links, not auto < Amen
I bet i do ! lol
Gm twitter world!
Woah! That's awesome!
DASH diet gaining popularity, ranked #1 by US News and World Report.
Hope everyone had fun at here at the studio last night! I know we sure did.
#gail2010 great active learning exercise on plagiarism with Ga. Tech.
Gotta play the GAME raw :-)
can't wait for the premiere
We will see. As for this weekend it's nothing but beer. I'm told I should try to work in social media.
What's a may
home sick. :(
YO son you should blame for getting you kicked out the #MoneyTeam. Life been rough since he BULLY YOU in the club.
Back at Spear and Mission tomorrow, maybe cranking out the best pies you can find in SOMA. Well, aside from UPN.
We're back again! It's time for the Linking Indiana Networking Event on Feb 7th. Come share ur Super Bowl stories with us...
Sorry friends our phone is down, working on getting it back up!
I don't know why I pick #Georgetown to go far in the tournament every year. #PatrickEwing is NOT coming through those doors any time soon.
EVERY Sunday :) so that Mondays are bearable
do you feel like you jinxed him? cause I think you did
is rocking it at Silk. That's how them Rockstar Boys do business!
Stop by and try our Colts Blue Lemonade today! Get a free large with any purchase!
lmfao ahh bestfriend WERE SO GUNNA BE AT THE BEACH EVERY DAY WITH YOU KNOW WHO! 💜
Wow #Huskies. Just embarassing.
I have a size 15 but that's going to my friends athlete friend
Guy in the apple store buying a $2000 imac with an #iamthe99% button on his hat. And you wonder why no one took you seriously....
which seems useful, as that is often the case & perhaps inevitably so given the skepticism embedded in American politics
thanks for the RT. We have some heavy hitters coming. Hope you can join us
I've been reading the WoT books since I was in high school -- your additions have been phenomenal! I can't put them down.
R u serious hun? RT : everyone calls each other "hun" on twitter. :D
thanks so much, Kristina! It means the world to me that you enjoy my work!
Has everyone signed up for next Thursday's Young Milwaukee Holiday Gala? ITS FOR THE KIDS!!!
Prez: "Support the same kind of research and innovation that led to the computer chip and the Internet; to new American jobs"
Drinking an Izze at Starbucks in SoHo...about to rock out this audition
on the phone w/ this foolie
Trying to get over this cold is making me sound worse. Hope folks can hear me at the presentation tomorrow.
and we have coach Karl its nice to be a Denver fan
I Just got my first and so excited to try all the fun products! Loved the cute packaging :)
,Smartphones & Tabs just outshipped PCs and Desktops. Increasing need to use both WiFi spectrums & standards based security 802.1X
EVERYONE FOLLOW for me plz
Did you learn it by looking it up in a dictionary?
Is Vinny On Ustream Right Now.?
How mad i am at you <<
Found you on Twitter!
Dr. Joyce Latham opens the morning session by acknowledging the rich multigenerational perspectives in the room
I finished "Journey to the Center of the Earth" on my ride to work and am going to start an autobiography of Cheetah from the Tarzan series.
You can find them used/refurbed, but I don't know about keeping Prime shipping.
Yep...I couldn't resist posting that and making a caption for it...I'm glad you liked it! :-)
I just put the seat back and sleep
I'm in love with this weather!
thats pretty damn nice of ya! :) thank you
Its a difference from being in love & being stupid . Obviously I'm neither .
Kobe beef burgers with truffle oil and blue cheese with sharp white cheddar on top YUM
ATTENTION PLEDGES(and members who were in attendance): New pictures are up from today's meeting! Go tag yourselves!
salute to keepin it real yet still doin his thing
Liam's on station north soft opening, tomorrow stop on by!
hi big brother
dammit faddah...there's stuff in my eyes now! A lot of stuff! Seriously though, thank you. That meant a lot to me :)
MT Google’s D.C. head talks female leadership cc
RT : Hunter Cervenka has some velo but control issues and not much secondaries. Fringy guy, not even related to Exene.
if u looking for late night craving? Visit
How's everyone doing today?
Guns N' Roses “Live and Let Die” is older than Paul McCartney’s '73 original was when GNR covered it in '91.
with the sweep of baylor. chances of making ncaas?
she is correct. Cinnamon is a safe natural ant killer.
Amelia's coming over to do my hair for tonight :)
Power still is out at Hoffmann ES & Briscoe MS. O'Connor HS has a partial outage. is working to restore power.
OJ Mayo playing his last game as a member of the Grizzlies
The cashiers look at you funny.
thats a cool video :O
Um, why is everyone buying up all the bottled water on the east coast? There's gonna be gallons of the stuff falling from the sky
What's up sexy people HAPPY NEW YEAR TOMM.
I want to hear "I'm Not A Gangsta" by ! The fans want it!
"So, you've pretty much seen the last of me" - New Jaleel White book title.
thanks for a fun night ladies!!!
are you storing cum in your mouth?
When you tackle adversity, and you will, meet it head on. And be grateful for those problems, because the alternative is unthinkable.
The burning building is where I'm supposed to close on the refi of my house on Thursday morning.
Yesterday was fun.
..either that or is in a movie filming up here!
he stabbed himself
Baseball-sized hail in St. Louis... My mom's car was towed due to damage. , you okay?
Homework can wait. Have you been outside?
I love that I'm attending an event where scientists are the rock star celebrities getting large rounds of applause.
You lost me on that one
no, sorry. We're playing Austin the 7th and 28th... do you want some recommendations for while you're here?
Tupac The Best Rapper Alive , I Dont care What NOBODY Say !
Many of you people are silly, and I love that about you.
If you wanna fix things between us, then go for it. I'm done trying.
Sometimes God have to shake up our lives a little to remind us who's still in control. #IKnowThat'sRight
dude! they 1st said 5k for the surgery, i said hell no. so they got a student vet to do it for 3k, but post-op added up
His actions lately certainly point to this>>>>RT Limbaugh's a double agent.
Awh! Thanks! :D
If you're hungry you should come over. I've Been cooking since 7 am. A bunch of random "good eats"! Lol
Don't feel special. I only keep your number in my phone so I know not to answer when you call..
Studying is so fun :/
Oh yeah...that will help ;)
All you do, you do to you.
Post photoshoot pig-out with
The first sign of madness is talking to yourself, the second sign is replying
Welcome back, #Orioles. Ugh.
I'm annoyed how easy you made it on the new person ... :)
Have I mentioned lately that is awesome? idk why, but I felt the need to say so...
Headed to port orchard tonight, looking to pick me a redneck fight.
my sink and bathtub is plugged up.
lmfao im surprised my boss has been so nice to me lately xD
New design idea's in the making get hype people
Wow. I didn't know it was that recent. I would have thought it was before that!
; Don't you dare look out your window, Darlin' Everything's on fire.<3
My grandma made them!!!:)) lol. Thanks!
my 5 year says "I love your songs and I wish you won last night." He really loves you!
A lot of impact with a little Spanish... Survival Spanish for the Workplace
can't argue with you there
Also, consider CHBP costs $94.25 for a 3-day pass. That's after fees are thrown in. They're $85 before fees. $110 for BShoot is a steal
Honoring all those affected by 9/11!!! We will never forget!!! God Bless America <3
I love candles
More copy edits of The Plum Tree today because they're due tomorrow!!
The Reggie Bar (named for Reggie Jackson) was a round version of the Baby Ruth bar.
johnny eggs and joey beans?
My husband leaves too early for work. If I have a bad dream and he isnt here it interupts my ability to sleep in.
its the most complicated thing ever just getting there... Literally every fucking door is locked!!!
": Caroline "Bozo" Manzo calling Teresa a bully. Pot meet kettle.
GOOD MORNING CHICAGO! Happy "hump" day... Good job Pastor Pfleger at Empowerment Temple with Jamal Bryant!
okay its here!
RT No wise woman or man will drop or forget someone or something of value. That would be an act of a fool. I'm not 1.
Got to watch Regis and Kelly this morning!
Cozy up & enjoy the holiday rain in SD this wknd! Help my friends at The Grandparents Connection www.grandparentsconnection.org! Thanks!
The race is not to the swift but to those that keep on running
haha yes!!(: im so what time are we going??(:
You know you're from out of town if...
Did Jerry Remy just say when Youk comes back Will Middlebrooks would probably go to Triple-A? No... way.
hehe, which means you either work there, work at a company that had a big problem, or like tiger woods ;-) which one is it!?
Projects is killing the kid
I know its a really small town but i LOVE it!
looking forward to intern team call and some writing time tonight
": Remember when people thought Gordon Beckham could be Michael Young?" Kenny turned down Cliff Lee for him. Beckham equals Getz.
Thank you!
Happy Birthday, Ro!! Hope you had a fabulous day!!!
well said. RT “: So the Astros can have a gun on their jerseys but I cant get an eggy mcmuffin because its 10:35?!?!”
Just got invited to Cancun by one of my loves! I ACCEPT!
#FF Thanks Norma! You too. Any plans ?
Hey Wonderful Burgerville fans...Hawthorne BV is now open till 11pm in the dining room and midnight in the drive thru...come by and say hi!
taxes. done son. see you next year, same bat channel.
twitter gangster..
The sunshine is nice. Having the song Sunshine on My Shoulders in your head is not.
What video game is this quote from: "Do you have a plan to go along with that grenade?" Answer & win absolutely nothing except satisfaction.
Excited to spend the b-day with loved ones!
Going on a limb here ... Rickie Weeks will get the walk-off.
They're releasing lots of Republic titles on Blu this fall & saw they're listed as dvd distributor now on IMDB.
pLEASE FOLLOW ME! :D
happy birthday! Still on for a lunch date tomorrow?
text me now!!!!
Top 10 rejected Playtex sport tampon #soccer sayings: No hands in the box
: Michael Gray's "The Weekend" and Madison Ave.'s "Don't Call Me Baby" #YAS!!
Final vote now taking place.
"All he knows is highways and brokenhearts"
You seriously Light Up my Life Lonny!
Join recruithighschool.com for free post highlight tapes and photos for free
In exactly a month, I'm gonna need 30 hours worth of audiobooks for my train ride to Florida, any suggestions? YA ROMANCE LITERATURE PLOX
Good morning all!
I bet there's a coalition of groupies in a small apartment watching the NFL Draft closely making their selections as well.
I want pastel hair.
#sdmayornp Filner "you talkin' to me?" reminder to read his tax form
Truth Twister
:-P hope you enjoyed your quick visit.
Good morning friends, hope you all are amazingly blessed!!!
"As a leader, did you get in at least one 10-minute private chat with every member of your group to "check in" this week? by
great meeting you last night!
in downtown philly watching paint dry. bored. got the #Phillies on the radio.
Bt I just body slammed her ass five times bt she won tho. Somebody tell me how Thts possible
an honor and a pleasure to be mentioned by you Mr. M. Have they named the stadium after you yet?!!!
thanks cousin! Im pretty excited about it. Keep me posted on where you decide to go for grad school!
Interesting to see contemporary to latin music. Fun to see something different.
uhm, i have nothing left to do in this class.
good and u
Hola Sunshine! Off for a run...
Conclusion: stupid.
Bed. Sleep. Goodnight
I would put Ray Rice, Lesean McCoy and Peterson above Forte. But he's definitely a top 5 runner.
Niggas wear me thin ....should have told the bitch to take my hat off lol shit still funny
Thanks for steering the bus
We agree! RT I think the need to have monthly parties. Or at least Halloween and Christmas and New Years.
too much coffee. feeling so a.d.d
my aunts childhood stories >>> lmfao
i honestly thought you were mad at me:/
Today should be a easy day, not gone do shit in most of my classes .
I can't speak for , but I certainly appreciate your thoughtfulness.
Cant think of a better way to spend Hump Day, Crazy Uncle Joe Show
Girls that dance >>>
Good morning to my talented n loyal follower lol
I'm trying not to go to sleep on the #Lakers but they making it easy for me like really what's going on
sweet! gotta love that!
Knit the city, even...
i haven&#39;t been paying attention just fucking around cause i thought you were gone, is every ok? wtf is going on i need plain engli…
went to a pub crawl last night... Ended up at the crawling stage. Ugh!
I've stuck around my home because I feel bad leaving my mom but she doesn't appreciate anything I do. I'm about to bounce. I want outt.
I hate essays for English!!!
What exactly have I been recruited to?
wasnt on yesterday but Happy Bday Ray Ray .! : )) hope u had fun .!
Oh it's official, because we say so.
Oh, good! You're going to love them. Let me know what you think.
Its super nice out. What do do :3
attack attack was so much better with austin...
tera gold too Avenue and account for Guangzhou-Shenzhen ...
thnx to all who came to jenga & juice last night, we had a great turnout and were so glad to see your faces. see ya next month!
I need to get you an mug!
I have the biggest crush on literally smiling when I think about him tonight. Feel like I'm in 8th grade again. :) 😍💘
Jesus people calm down, it's 2 runs.
Come on Cats! Let's pull through this!
I love Alan Rickman and I am not ashamed! ;)
Great day at You were all fantastic!
who you think? 
Yea it's in one of the sections we wanted. What about you guys?
Looking to purchase an apartment in #NYC? Call me today, Id love to help!
scrape scrape scrape scrape spray spray spray spray pull pull pull pull pull scrape scrape scrape scrape spray choose another 90's playlist.
Wow, very sad about Steve Jobs.
I'm darker than you lol. 😂
thanks girl.. Yess we need another applebees night :)
SHUT UP! ELIZABETH WARREN is part INDIAN. I thought she was just INTELLIGENT and was going to beat the HELL out of SCOTT BROWN. NLD Mom.
hell yeah they betta
If these fools are dogs then call me the animal abuser :) haha
: taking another moment to congatulate you on your HOF induction. I'm sorry I could not be there in person.
looks like it could send a fax too
thank you love!!! Means a lot
Is Dumb And Dumber a respectable film? haha
I lost count! But I do have a larger mug today. LOL!
h-o-t! :) RT : We r officially headed to ATL in July 4 ! Cant wait 2 see you! Will it b hot?
Liking a Facebook status that is clearly about you, because you're a fearless bastard.
Lol either way, congratulations on making it to the finals.
Thanks for the love and the S/O's!! You are a machine!! LOL
Signing off for a while! Depending on how family & I recover, may be back later. Wishing all of you a healthy and happy wkend!
Keg Stand
DeMaio says he has a plan to repair streets and isn't waiting to be mayor to get it done.
That sounds good to me. Slingers?
modeling was a lotta fun earlier (: considering i was like shaking the entire time aha. i'm horrible in front of tons of people.. :S
Wow... Gotta feel for Derrick Rose
The public history of modern art is the story of conventional people not knowing what they are dealing with. - Golda Meir
Super sleepy
is performing tonight at 8pm at bang comedy theatre (up the block from canters) in a sketch comedy show...come watch and L to the AUGH!
so, who are you?!
to watch...soccer, golf, baseball tied. To play...soccer and baseball tied
No comment."We used to look up at Detroit. We've grown to the point where we have a great respect for them but not in awe of them. -Trotz”
I love Neil diamond...
Im convinced Howard Hesseman was never off the acid
I'm so ready for spring break. Too many people are just pissing me off here. 17 days 17 days 17 days.
yea... Im not gonna be able to get my ride fixed tho. so yall gonna have to find a way
imo Handling and torque fun for driving around. I can keep up with bf til about 115 then he looses me lol. For track not top
common vs drake beef. Who u got?
Am I missing something...why did about 18 spamming twitter accounts just start following me?
Wit da high shit I shoulda waited to make this potato salad 😌
loool im done wit high school.
argggg. I meant = ( on the #cbmore front...
Really? Lol. 'Cause I got a lot of cake, chocolate bars, & sad romantic movies we can can watch together? ^-^
sounds more exciting that way
The moons still out :D
Try and SP usergroups RT Looking for #SharePoint peeps in Philly to follow.
I'm bored at work
Sergio Romo bobblehead day. #Brewers made him bobble yesterday, too.
When you have nothing left but love, then for the first time you become aware that love is enough.
Carlos Marmoul just blew a 3 run lead in 9th
or maybe they just need a new coach
My current WIP has surpassed 57,000 words and still rising!
Publix pays my bills :)
That's what I meant!!
Nick Young is still my boy.
Awesome! I'm a big man on basic cable.
What do you do on Fridays?
rise&shine.
Thanks everyone! My instapaper is jammed full with things to read think about!
nice stickers, I've got to make sure to get some from you.
LOL, wait till video #2- Rack City. Def some Cat Daddy'n goin on in there.
Chilly morning with a frost advisory in effect! Hot weather coming up in about 5 minutes! #Newschannel8atsunrise!
no, but i like discovering & sharing. you're good at memorable activities.
and SO funny!
so just called me transcendent. best compliment ever!
Rand Paul on John Stewart: Lying sack of ideological crap.
221 DAYS TILL CHRISTMAS, EVERYONE! ;D
depends on the political economy of these new "nation state" social networks and who has what rights over what data
I'm from - DM me if you're interested.
Do you have any plans to volunteer this weekend? Tell us about them!
RT if your Online And A Mahomie & Acon. -Ally
Blondes everywhere rejoice! #Starbucks is soon releasing a special blend just for you!
Thanks for the follow. Love the skyline backdrop. Do you have roots in Chicago or do you just have great taste?
Yeah the other spot was in Ambridge. Once that's up and running (months from now) they'll start looking in Moon again :(
The contraptions used for a pedicure scare me more than most things.
bummer. Lol. It's hot here too but I like it. Means more dudes in basketball shorts and tank tops or shirtless. Haha.
Back to NYC.
truly the Aeneid is my favorite epic.
Where are all my Beliebers at??!!
They MIght Be Giants! Getting ready to go on-air on for a live performance...this Friday is getting to be a pretty good one....
Tell your friends to follow us as well!!!
Thanks for the RT ! First beer's on me next time you're in Wisconsin.
I love ya sexy ass,i wanna cuff
it's all good:) it ain't that serious. Lol
LIN THESE!! Another sportscenter trick to keep you watching. He hasn't played anyone and L A doesn't count bc derek fisher sucks balls.
Mitchell battles back from leadoff walk to earn 1st save of the year. Hoos win game 1, 6-5, final score.
Cant wait for ABDC #BoyzAreBack where it all started! You guys have come so far! YEA BUDDY!
Southland is literally filming in my doorway. Cameo?
that's not it
So lovely to wake up to a beautifully put-together crib (thank you !). So not nice that that wake-up was at 2am. Yawn
great seeing and AJ out in Crafton. Keep up the great work like y'all do!
Dad said my hair would never look like his cause he has a weird ass color xD
hahahaahaha you shoulda gone on this bus with me, im so bored!
I need some too RT Caffeine please.
I loved reading Tweak after Beautiful Boy - two sides to one story, and insight on parent/teen interactions
haha, unfortunately I can't really hit, Brewers fans would not be happy
You can grow but remember, empires always fall.
Ness says admin wouldn't exist without the students
You can. It's pretty easy to set up a schedule, and you can override it at any time.
yea I can imagine
Barrett did not lose his Congressional seat, he stepped down after redistricting as to not primary Jerry Kleczka
Stellar! May 17 will be great fun. Though I'm ever so slightly wary of it being called The Adult Programs. Should I pack a thong?
On The Phone With Aarin
ultimately, it's for my masters in regulatory and clinical research management at regis college. i forget where that is.
you just want to see
Is your New Year's Resolution to use the library more? Maybe you want to explore some of our special collection or attend a program.
It's a nice day haha :-)
"and i can put it in my mouth!"
Quality > Quantity.
It was an awesome night. We just left...Sorry to miss you!
RT : "it's never too late to begin."
Let's go #Hawks!
RT : If I've gone this long without ever seeing The Little Mermaid, should I just keep not seeing it?
at a mugnite fundraiser and cocaine is on
The 1,000 person i'm following is , great person for the 1k
I am having trouble sending DMs from the web, but I would like to welcome and thank my new followers. I look forward to hearing from you.
I used to be a fucking midget like
House of the Rising Sun.
I'm a fan of the 45 min meeting.
Cracker Barrel Names Laura A. Daily Senior Vice President of Retail
#OMG I will remember that next time I am one of your #juicing #guineapigs hahaha
I never thought it would be easy...
First two shows are over. Now to Katharine Kidd presented by Jon Mayer :-)
Happy birthday Molly ( ) you're destined to become a starcatcher. Just kidding. Happy birthday!
that sounds suspiciously like wedding crashing... Which is a fine and noble thing, indeed.
I wish I wasn't so insecure.
now what?
Sitting in hotel in Beijing listening to Jason Mraz sing about SD. Too funny. Missing my wife, my sons & San Diego. Signing out from China!
thank you tha tha thank s s you
Too hot out for your comfort? The Maneki Neko say, "Come in Mingei International and chill with us. We're really cool cats."
Such an epic birthday. Thanks guys!!
Has anyone seen Herman Cain in the pilgrim hat? ?
And besides im pretty sure #oomf doesnt like me
@ The Magic Game Wit The Big Homie!! Need This W Baby!!!!
Damn!!": Rise of the gated community. Gated Communities were yellow or green areas, meaning safe and banks invested in them."
Anyone else notice the technology in #MenInBlack is more advanced in the past than it is in the future?
made my easter
hey! Our twitter got shut down this week! We still have our individuals and facebook. Twitter will be back soon!
Shout out 2 spliff Wayne and the firestation fam for holding me down!!
OUTspoken Radio LIVE Tonight on LATalkRadio.com!! Channel 2!
That does seem a bit ridiculous.
Mcgahee or morris?
officially welcoming to look for her on and weekly!
RT : "It's all about being in the moment." - Ben Stiller
My Fathers name for one of my Aunts. RT : what's a sizzle chest?
yes, Mr Wright. I also appreciate a good chic-o-stik.
So #Knicks fans ... are you going to be ok with getting #Mayo instead of #Carmelo? Will that spark a rivalry if Melo goes to the #Nets?
plus I tolerate your comic book movies, old man.
It's probably a bad idea to base an entire semester's class around alpha software, right?
What is the MOST embarrassing thing that has ever happened to you?
The NFL and the players need to stop this petty junk... Get them to work before it begins to effect the on-field product...So tired of it...
The teacher who was in charge for this little excursion is...not an outside-the-box thinker. At all.
I can't stand sneaky ass MF's...what's the secret? I'm a big girl...what are you hiding?
Lol fuck him i call shotgun forever.
The Heat play the Celtics on Sunday. I can hardly wait to see that series.
. I was SO lucky to have that awesome Yukon!! 2 days - 5 hospitals - 300 toys delivered. Yay!!
Blackboard "bought" moodle with the acquisition of Moodlerooms.
fosters and stromboli mushrooms onions,cheese m good eats
Just rel to love!I will RT you
Loving your retweets from first generation college grads. Why I've been smiling to myself at my desk all morning. :)
That's just sad..
The hotter it gets, the more I sweat, the less I care. I'm literally sweating empathy, must find AC.
Starting off the morning with some live jazz! JIC's Residency Program artists are playing a concert right now for CPS students!
Listening to Pandora while doing research can be pretty great.
Welcome to our newest teams: Butler University Black Student Union, FCCBG Cares, Just Us and TeamCook. We're up to 53 teams!
Whata a birthday with my princess at the hospital stupid rodavirus
where are you? Let's go see The Avengers!
eww.. school tomorrow. :(
Don't waste your love on someone who isn't worth it
Coaches can benefit from having a closing strategy to use with their students.
Add an exclamation point to an email --BOOM I'm a morning person.
Q: What's the difference between love, true love, and showing off? A: Spit, swallow, and gargle.
save the last dance son
Now you guys will have two players whose knees are made of glass..Bynum and Paul ;-)..
What did Anaheim do for Sac besides exist? Oh, yes. Got it.
haha okay loser :] !
Go drop your pounding head into a book where it's nice a cozy. See yas laterz Girl!!
The recession won't be over till we raise a generation who knows how to live on what they've got!!
That's 1:30 both Thursday & Friday, right?
Attention Real Housewives watching friends: Maloof Hooves are on RueLaLa today. It's a fat little shoe.
love the name and the logo! Let's get Social!
1 more then i have 100 :D 400 to go ;D;D;D you can make it :D
#peoplelikeus will not get forward if we keep holding each other back childs...
yes I do cook:-)
“ with her decaying teeth & nails?!?! *gets on knees* lol.” Lmaoo look She Just goin threw it right now.
yeah I don't even think she works at the school and um you were sitting next to me the hole time
always getting in trouble..;)
How much can someone take till they break?
you will be okay
Join us on August 1st from 7-9pm for our unforgettable wine dinner! Only $75 for a 6 course fare and 6 different wines.
Not to parse words, but aren't AHL and ECHL *minor* leagues?
All I wanna know is sexy can I?!😉
I thought that was what you were referring to! :)
STEP OFF!
Go Houston Oilers. Haha. Colts made my night.
O yea wat
final cut nuff said!!
Centaurus up 13-2 at the half. Four Warriors have 4 goals.
Get rid of these BUMs. They are not making sense
music coming this week love!
I hate But who is he? Can somebody explain me? I never heard of his voice btw.
Dancers, especially ballet.
Think my whole family move slow lol
FREE Dina's Organic Chocolates tasting today from 2-6 PM, only at the Chocolate Library. 111 St. Marks Place
Pizza of the Day: Delicious BBQ Chicken!!! Come get before the rain get does!
Know that you already have it, Brotha!
She knows how to fuk up da mood
Girls who get tattoos just because other girls have them LOL
Nuns on Fire are killing it tonight! It's going to be a hard task following them but we're going to give it our damn best!
Really moving to Virginia
I know :-(.. I try no to go to deep though
PS, will it rain on me tomorrow while I'm covering the Mayo Invitational out at Eastwood???
Today was great!! Met someone Ive been waiting to meet for a long time:) i hope tomorrow is the same!
Sometimes you need to eat oatmeal at 2:30am.
This critical thinking class really causes you to think and reason everything
Going to the beach and maybe the LP Zoo
Great on the view. seemed liked Whoopie had attitude with you...
awww thanks! Yes, I haven't seen or talked to you in forever missy!
Wants to start getting down to the basics. fuse+fuel+fire(symbols)=explosions(symbol)
We have a website that you can donate via Paypal or Credit Card (card info isn't saved). Does that work for you?
I start my new job tomorrow.... aah weird.
Cali has been awesome but we are starting our long journey home tomorrow !
Sounds like a fabulous surprise anniversary trip. Enjoy!
Wet Republic!!!
Oh I love the cobalt blue #dress and red #stilettos was shown wearning on Bloomberg TV...
WIT ER.
tr.im is back. Hooray.
I'm so over XAML...
Felt First Kick in from Spencer!!
Thanks for thinking of us... We're moving on Aug. 13, had to delay due to shoulder issues...
Here comes the biggest update to since our launch!
Insulin resistance is a symptom. We are not biologically designed for the modern diet that is mostly starch.
Envy me, rate me, hate me. Either way you ain't me! 
in ma space shuttle and im not coming down im not coming back this time
I think so man. I see so many people talking about it! So many pinheads! Lol
you mean to tell me I came all this way and you're going to deprive me of the gastonomic goodness of Manor Arms?!
You're not the first person to think that today : you and phil kind of look alike.
The Tooch is loose in 30 Rock.
Tis a mutual condition, to be sure :)
The fear of the LORD leads to life: Then one rests content, untouched by trouble. Proverbs 19:23
Great guy, great app MT : Big congratz to our new friend Follow his startup:
Thanks my boy
"That’s like congratulating a man for not robbing a bank. I don’t know how else to play the game."
Heh. You too, huh?
when people think its cool to make a smart remark, about somebody to hurt there feelings. just to be cool. well its not, its horrible.
Heard the new Alanis Morissete song on the radio this morning. The 15-yr-old inside of me got really excited :)
You're very welcome! Wish you could be here at #GenieFair2012 too.
You know what? To hell with the Lakers. We want this more.
Avengers was awesome
RokkinCat will develop your ideas into usable apps.
I need food>
what happened to their poor legs?!
Would you call Wainright's curve a 80 or 70?
I think the birds pooped on my car again!! Damn you!!!!'* angrily shaking my fist
is doing Coffee.
Follow the kid
but those other teams have no cap room. Players go to money first. I promise lebron doesnt go to miami for the mid level exemption.
RT : Don't forget! chat at 1pm TODAY - GIVEAWAYS & PARTY!
So... how many hours of sleep have you actually gotten this week lol?
hell nah
It's the Steve Blass syndrome. Happens all of the time.
Our Dad would never wear some Jaunts all of em ugly as EF.
Blessed are those who can give without remembering and take without forgetting - Elizabeth Bibesco
oh wow! how did that go? i've always wanted to do a juice cleanse but I don't know if I could handle it! i'm doing a general
I love Gaga
Ugh so stressed, tired and distracted...and I have a migraine
hah ok I'll walk fast
Sveum might want to just jump ahead and get that position player out to the mound right now.
Now Playing: Crash - Gwen Stefani
Can you please follow me back? (:
“: so tonight I hit a 135# power snatch and 120 consecutive double unders. Not a bad day.” Not bad at all!
Liking thoughts by Bruce Daniel of on adaptive (vector) maps based on data like speed, time of day, etc.
I like where your heads are at. Make it happen.
It's their parody of "Rebecca." Quite good.
Win the Race of Life at 180 MPH: Female Motorcycle Racer Invited to...
big things happening yall!!! got some major auditions coming up pretty stoked
RT : RT : Stewart touts safety, urges everyone to take a deep breath and stop trying to find blame.
life is good man. even when you think it's total "shit!" the shit is even good in its way. i'm lovin the ride! give me good and all the shit
: are you my evil twin?
Just saw behind home plate.
Thanks, our keylime pie is delicious! We also have Lemon, Apple, Banana Chocolate Toffee, Sweet Poratoe &Strawberry Overload! :)
Finally time for some sleep😍✌ shows and autograph session are about to be huge tommorow.
gosh darn surgical scars
-i miss the times when a warm shower would put me to bed.. ugh.. kids have it made, lol
Full contact also seems to be down. They scheduled a 5 day maintenance too/
THANK YOU FOR SUPPORTING LOCAL LAS VEGAS HIP-HOP ARTISTS: Thank you for spinning "BIGG FEV single KEEP IT 100" -- SOL•SKETCHES™
#HillerHelps - Pre-Nuptial Agreements can bring clarity and certainty to marital financial issues.
finally finished some much needed watering, pruning, deadheading, potting, propagating...jeez I have a lot of potted plants
Most of the time we don't get what we want
hey a question how old r u
Time to Photoshop my life. Touch up the edges, adjust the tones. Blur out the background, focus on me and crop people out.
hey! i cant answer ur message if u r not following me haha ;)
you are so right. and for some reason reading Fudgy made me giggle
All-time best review RT New review of 's book by my 7 month old son. "It's good enough to eat!" yfrog.com/h8itypwj
#gc2012 needs math help from right now.
Totaling it up, my iPod cost $200, plus at least $400 in songs I mostly don't have other copies of. So it needed to be defended.
we won't be good, but team is set up much better than in prior years. Average is in our sights!
Making my boyfriend food at 3 in the morning! He better love me! ;D
Check out me singing 's "Lullaby" (Dec 18, 2010)
nice interview
We provide therapy for adults with-Child Rearing and Parental Guidance.
🎉🎉Happy Birthday Enjoy Your Day 🎉🎉
Haha, I should clarify. I really love these late-night Brewers games when I don't have to be awake until 9:30 the next morning.
Resentment is an excellent motivator
Impatience never commanded success. - Edwin H. Chapin
The extention pack is: So you think you're genius and don't need a designer
no work getting done right now...our newsroom can't turn away from this episode of Dr. Oz
Our NM community keeps growing...Many thanks to all of you for your support. We couldn't do it without you!
TX! U 2! RT Happy #FF some great mom resources!
:) I wish we could do a duet, but we live in different states!
7 Things You’ve Got to Know About the 2011 World Series
Mentally and physically preparing to teach FOUR group strength classes this week (and one powerflow)! I'm going to be unbelievably sore ...
Walk with a limp cuz I'm gangsta hard core I'm gettin an ice cream cone!
We got it fixed, but I will check & let you know. Basically it was pipes behind a vanity that snapped when we pulled it out.
This my last week of school... So already know what that means!!
I hope wins the tourny
I hate it when people use the words "content" or "product" to describe art. How sad it is that people frame their world that way.
←I love this radio station<3 (:
: lolz i thought she didnt, she just took a slow reaction. -.-
is there a boy put there who dosent cheat....
Dreams are always never real.
Keep the answers coming in, we'll let you know the answer on Monday
grading papers—topic: Interview w/a Controlled Drug User—& just now *really* hear lyrics to Alabama 3 "Hypo Full Of Love (The 12 Step Plan)"
where did he end up?
Second time I've heard about audioboo today. Recording and submitting audio with your mobile device. Great info!
Woohoo! Plz donate my ticket to anyone who will enjoy the game. I have family obligations. I like the podcast! Good takes!
But who is who?! RT : Mr. Met standing directly next to Mayor Bloomberg at the podium.
I consider the "something big" knowing who you are and how to project this awareness for full benefit.
IT is Nice to know that My brand New spankin Ipad is Paid 4 Free and Clear
Vin Scully has a lot to say about the war today.
not the same thing buddy
I just finished my final paper!
What's a chateau's favorite breakfast food?
better wear some torso armor to that 5/5 show so I don't break your ribs with a bear hug again.
You're a Floridian...man up!!!
Johnny's Mambo!!
RT - I have to recognize that New England Patriots has a devastating attack!... but Buffalo...
Yes, yes they do. :)
How am I the most sober person right now?
Hey Dunkin Donuts fyi if you're not going to toast my bagel let me know before I drive away. Thanks.
If all economists were laid end to end, they would not reach a conclusion. George Bernard Shaw
Need you more than ever.......
#SpringTraining hats look so awesome. My one is 5 years old now, might need an upgrade
TRS is very happy to welcome new client Stonewall Columbus!
Happy Hunger Games and may the odds be in favor :-)
Happy Birthday to my FAVORITE housewife !!
Haha. I can't wait until they make their Twitter accounts. Haha. It's going to be great.
my students are having a really difficult time coming up with non-computer equivalents to things like tumblr or instagram.
Braved the rain for some peach pinkberry, totally worth it
Hi Derek! I'm still running From the Floors Up. Let's chat!
lol a few weeks ago I found a huge snake inside our house in the dining room under the dining table. Please don't kill anyone haha
If he don't come home with that tv im gonna slap him lol
Please do not play that game. Not even close to being fun or funny. In these times, really?
Preparing my written comments for the next HHS meeting on the allocation of ARRA funding to comparative effectiveness.
what's that?
My Sister Is Taking Pics Of The Christmas Tree #Weirdo(:
Finally have a phone once more. Now to quickly display a rom and a brand-new recovery and i'm back on track.
lol... Great minds think alike.
U fuckin mustard greens smellin muthafucka...y u pressuring me?!!!
"If I meet One Direction..." No. It's "When I meet One Direction", because EVERY Directioner deserves to meet the boys. Especially you. ♥
Come on Dj! Champagne & Chickenheadz!
If you see a big dumb fat kid dressed as a Kardashian at your door tonight, I prefer Nestle Crunch.
#whenyourebrokslivingalone you're always hungry -_-
LMFAO is the worst thing to ever happen to music.
Country<<<< some country>>>>
I would discuss working as an actor/model in a safe and honest way.
"writing partner"="someone who's as unemployed as i am"
Everything I Do I Do For You Girl
Idea Wall
. I'll be transferring a bunch of domains from GoDaddy (they support SOPA) to you. Thx, you guys rock. cc/
Lets get it:-D
Remember the complements you receive, forget the insults.
Re-invent delivery and availability of law & legal services creating lower costs and greater access for consumers.
:) love you
On Tumblr like a boss.
I don't like homework!
Haha, believe it or not, I actually chose working out, because I have now become That Guy. But I believe a glass of wine is next!
im really not sure... Lol maybe someone reported me idk?? At 1st I thought its was the network till I realized I can get on
It's a funny thing that when a man hasn't anything on earth to worry about, he goes off and gets married.-Robert Frost
Thanks! 4 the mention! : Always getting my hair cut! At by ! Go see him!
Hi andrew 😊
taylor issues :D!
The one constant through all the years has been baseball.
WHY CAN'T I GO TO SLEEP
LIMITED TIME OFFER: We're shipping WINDBREAKERS. USA ONLY. Send us an email at . $30 + shipping.
Downloaded this binaural beats app. This shit is creepy
So much soreness. I really don't understand what I did differently last night.
looking for work is hard. Do u need a resume? For a FREE resume builder and job board follow me to minorityjobs.net Julie
“: Im tryna get some honestly #D.D.H”
W/o more $ for more courses, can't prepare > students to xfer. But want to ensure current access is equitable
Bad day is bad.
How big are headphones going to get before we just start to wear helmets with subwoofers inside them?
YOLO applies to everyone well, except jesus that niqqa live twice
Well goodnight twitter and thank you god for everything
If the liberals are in power the conservatives complain and vice versa. Ignore the chitchat and pay attention to the world around you.
I wish bro
#YouKnowICareWhen you got me sending those Good Morning texts 💝
Developing an awesome PR and marketing strategy for our client, Egard Watches! Then I have to prepare for my speaking engagement tonight! A…
Woke up startled as hell
What time is Thursday's Ales from the Vault event for #ACBW?
Bout to put dis Digiorno Pizza in da oven
and looking into various ways to make money online
i like what i see
How do I get at you about a collabo
im sorry thats right you have double the dose of raging hormones! Lol
I shall paint my nails!
RE belt and etc..... so now that it is almost bigger than high5's is it time for something new for 2011 season?
next time... Both of us will get in : )
Yahoo Sports reporting Blazers have fired Head Coach Nate McMillan. Nothing official from team as of now
Heading out to #yogaonarooftop Thanks ! will I see you there or are you prepping other events?
u never heard my music
what happened bro?
How far is it from my apartment to the Olympic Day Spa? 1.1 miles.
How you gonna live your life like the dream you had was real?
Hold those you love very tight tonight and always let them know how much you love them. Damn, life is so fickle.
NBA - Knicks coach Mike D'Antoni resigns
Ha, never heard of this. Interesting, but Amazon reviews suggest they cause more problems than they solve.
Everything's new, Prior.
ok no comment on that, luckily the cast has twitter so whatever they are doing i'm with them
taught me to #NeverSayNever and to fight till forever <3
He's tweeting now isn't he
Ok back to my workout
Many are wondering what's going on w/ VerseCity. Don't fret. Details are coming soon. But if you love us just be patient & trust us!
Sure, but usually it's sour grapes.
it got cancelled bc of the weather A.L.Y.S.S.A.<.3
This team lacks leadership including the manager
Excited to be helping out at #nehvectors next week. Looking forward to meeting everyone!
How does it taste?
Never heard a song so many times in 1 day
Beep Beep Beep.!
“: "Not every successful man is a good father. But every good father is a successful man"”
...good morning y'all!! Any recommendations for #FT ?? ...I'm starting my day with some Tyrone Davis on the background!! :D
about to step in the booth a murder hijack a plane we coming out with hot banging rawr raps get yo gat cuz we putting Vegas on the Map
Writing a paper about IAU. Very early stages but expecting to publish. Would love to chat. DM for details.
still looking for web based app that enables hundreds of users to upload text, images and video.... any thoughts anyone?
I saw that OT goal in HiDef.
RT : Regarding Hungry Like the Wolf: it's disco and brine? || brine is salty, sweat is salty. Sweaty disco dancing. Like the Wolf.
Can someone PLEASE explain to me what just happened about Hazza???
"does it smell like chicken noodle soup in here...is it you?....is it her??..do you have gum...can you have gum with braces?"
model for you
Are you, by chance, going to the "Unbound: Speculations on the Future of the Book" sympo at MIT in May? cc
hey! What's with the Raven hating?!
Well apparently the beginning of the end of the world was supposed to start 10 minutes ago. #RECON still on?
Im so bored .-.
RIP Andrew Breitbart
#FatTributeBands Band Of Burgers
Welcome to my world! RT Seriously, I love the Internet but I'm suffering from info overload!
Signout occurs after 20 minutes of inactivity for security. It cannot be disabled.
Really happy for Cortez Kennedy's NFL Hall of Fame induction! Played hard for bad Seahawks teams!
keep me posted!
don't use that word!
good she gets to come home tomorrow
My throat feels sorta weird idk if thats good or bad lol
I get busy and forget to check twitter. I need to stop that :)
You are the most genuine celebrity ever. I Love how you don't change who you are for anybody<3 #YourMyRoleModel:)
The punishment of the liar is not believed even when telling the truth.
Great job on Govloop livestream, team!
Support One Another.
lol everyone gets an opinion on the internet lol
It's been 3 months since you made that resolution... Time for a new one!! :)
Was great meeting you too next time I hope we'll have some more time to talk, I kept running off, so first drink's on me.
THanks for the follow, Julie.
me too, I study new media, marketing & psychology and I'm motivated in bringing AR/mobile technology to JB.
Solid day today of work and the Celtics moving on!
Where'd you get your dress and shoes - obsessed!
I'll tell everyone I know: The Grey is an incredible film, go see it immediately.
Love road trips
apparently Bryce Harper needed stitches after hitting himself in the face with a bat.
On my way to a dance competition....its in a Scottish temple.....um?
In other news, I am seriously seriously seriously considering going to Pitchfork today. I wonder if Saturday tickets are still available.
make that ass jump
Thanks Marianne, I'm glad you enjoy my work!
Does anyone think that long distance relationships work out?
A Series of Really Not So Bad Events
yes. #bootytude (when are we making our valiant return?)
I really hate when my thoughts start to mess with me!
what's this shit I hear Kylie is in Florida for 2 weeks? #notokay why didn't they take us? Miss you
are you saying you need new beats or are you telling me??
yes, NYC bound! We'll be moving this summer! sad to leave my great school behind, but excited for new adventures
How about Anastasia Myskina? She can get the family-values vote.
Aww that's bold
RT : the most loyal follower <3
'tis the season. totally digging
The only thing the IT Help Desk does at work is help me become annoyed.
Today I startled my wife by yelling how I can pre-order Guild Wars 2 on April 10th.
Love is only a dirty trick played on us to achieve continuation of the species. --- W. Somerset Maugham, A Writer's Notebook, 1949
Admins learn that it's a matter of perspective... Half full or half empty glass?
This project has always been about collaboration, you all have the chance to BE A PART OF THIS Just ask or
diane medley rauner of - resilience is the secret ingredient
Everything is always my fuckin fault... But. U knw wat I'm done can't keep going back and forth....
I love seeing the city flooded with Black and Orange. Everybody turnt up.
AGCH Library now has first 8 issues of Moreshet: Journal for the Study of the Holocaust and Antisemitism, published in Israel.
i do too
Generally speaking, an advertisement for a product should tout at least one benefit of said product. Shockingly, some forget this concept.
Light travels faster than speed; This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
“: Happy Mothers Day!!! You are appreciated!! #appreciation #greatmoms” Dear Mama
just continuing the trend started by Cassel
Gas prices shooting up because we can't use our own oil #winning!!!!!
This or that: #Margaritas or #Micheladas?
things are really stale for Netflix Instant. Terrible selection overall
It's my birthday! What are you favorite Birthday Freebies?
I want that relationship where .. Everybody and they mama know we together <3
if I play the game patient and slow I'll be good .
ppl who lie about lies with the truth. they never wanted you.
Paul said, "I am ready not to be bound only, but also to die ..for the name of the Lord Jesus."~Acts 21:13
the avengers
"You look tired" is just another fancy way to tell someone they look like shit... why not just say that in the first place?
When you limit the purpose of any given space, you clarify the space around it. Limiting options for where something can go is clarifying
Lol. I Was Dressed And Everything . But Then iWas Like Ugh I'll Just Go On The Last Saturday . :)
Off to Brooklyn in a couple hours. Good night! :-)
Time to retire. For the eve...
In wisdom gathered over time I have found that every experience is a form of exploration. - Ansel Adams
there are two absolutes in life. friends and vodka. amazing memories usually involve both.
*on my head
What's the reason that i hold on.. when it's tearing me apart? :(
devise new endeavors, i'm as live as a hive full of predators.
Trying to avoid being heard by my mom
Drunk and broke it RT : aww what happened to your leg? :(
Writing a Squidoo lens about Pickle Juice but Im getting sleepy. I'll finish and post tomorrow.
Why are children obese? Probably because burgers are $.99 and salads are $7.99.
snow go away
Life is good, there is no problem too big or too small that God can't solve.
We nationed out over here bro your swag needs healing .
Sex Suite is on E2onair log on
My Twitter client (Brizzly) is closing. Anyone really like a different Twitter client? I need to manage 2 accounts & like embedded images.
This place about to BLOWW :O
in 5 months I am going to be Great my granddtg having baby then
Thanks for including us! I would be happy to send you a better logo if you'd like :)
quitting coffee on the advice of my doctor. brutal headache not even chocolate can fix.Maybe I should get a new doctor!
I LOVE my new display pic ♥
If Richard Sears wasn't already dust, he might be turning over in his grave due to a lab coat name on his company website.
That dance was really good!!!
could it be because we don't change the clocks til next wkend??
At Disneyland day 2 w/the GRITs. It really IS a small world, after all.
Coldplay were quite fantastic! Quite the amazing light show and the tunes ain't too shabby ;-D!
When ur search results in hotpads.com u have 2 be going 2 a cooking site or a fetish one that will be 4ever burned on ur retinas.
Forgot i had a twitter account.
i just wanna get your attention. i really wanna be all up in your head.
I'm playing Sat 23rd 8pm!Trashfest USA - Two Day Ticket - July 22nd & July 23rd - 12 bands from Around the World at
less I have to read about him the better.
On a health kick. Spent an extra 10 minutes at the gym over and above my usual 45.
If you're an Indiana #librarian please consider retweeting and telling your friends about the site! The more who know the more we help!
" prettiest girls usually the ones who get played the most .. "
Just read the HuffPo article. My mom's name is Wendy too. I thought the article was going to be about me for half a second.
That's nice and early! My finals are next week with grades due the week after that. Getting closer.
Oh, swanky.
ill make your bed rock too ;)
im great! how are you?
Live today - because tomorrow is not promised
and shes now of a different race
And it closes at 4:15 RT : Post Ofc in Hall J, way in back behind Placement Ctr, Parade of Bookmobiles
Finally one hour to DC. About damn time.
hey man, I spoke w/ Jen about it face to face. & It's agreed. It IS jacked up.
thanks brotha. How are things with you?
oh that sounds interesting
And, I'd listen to them, too!
I'm feeling very eh. :/.
Its my birthday today retweet ? :D <3
the outcomes of these playoff games are so strange...what's happening.
So far my grades are a B+ and an A+,oh yeah :)
Mukilteo dance troupe a hit on MTV
I cant wait. I am Annie in our local production in November! Cant Wait!
One wing to rule them all! :p
today my Birthday ... so far i hate it but can u plz follow me
lol! thx for the s/o =)
I'm not clumsy. It's just the floor hates me, the tables and chairs are bullies, and the walls get in the way.
gl fish I'll be there after the gym
Hahahah good times.
We're 85% sure that Henry Rollins is opening for Dinosaur Jr. tonight at the BUT. Because North County doesn't have enough meatheads.
Get it out of your glove, Ramirez...come on.
If you hurt a #Cancer's feelings, be prepared to apologize. If not, you are shut out of their world completely.
Thanks for the RT :)
MSU President Lou Anna K. Simon in statement: "(Izzo's) decision is a winner for all of Team MSU."
Just saw a NISMO sticker on a RX-8. Seriously!? I know 90% of u won't know what I am even talking about, but the owner is a moron.
#nowthat2pacsback can we go back to looking for my dog!
would think at leastone of those kids would be a Decepticon
HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY HOPE ALL YOUR DREAMS COME TRUE HOPE U LIKE WHAT I WROTE PRINCETON MADE IT JUST FOR U 🎂🎉🎈
Good luck to all our Eugene marathoners tomorrow!
Tomorrows Monday! -_-
Traveling!! #SpringBreak best week of the year! Lol
Yeah. Once I heard the Biggie remix I looked into Viceroy. In fact, it might be the only Facebook page I've liked in months.
Took a few steps backward..
Why suspended? He was always clean. Others won appeals, you'd never had known about Braun's if ESPN hadn't published a leak.
"Artist of the Beautiful" -- one of the rare times when Hawthorne strikes me as self-indulgent in a "major" tale.
Only three days of classes this week and birthday party on Wednesday. Should be an interesting week!
You also influenced Anna Wheeler! She co-wrote "Appeal of One Half the Human Race" with William Thompson.
Sure - something close to Convention Center?
But why dudes be so obsessed with feeling on butts in the club...stop it
I say go for it. I do it all the time.
found my new favorite coffee place here in denver - gallop cafe, 32nd & zuni.
Please say you went with the sequins.
Brrr my car was all icy this morning! White Zombies have made my day awesome! Come in for a cup :) 258 E Eau Gallie.
Of course, I'll make the obvious comment on how well print media is doing...
Hey #Tyga you got about 500 high school students waiting for you.
awesome article bro
Cookbook author Alice Medrich is conducting a demo on baking chewy, gooey cookies. Smells great!
When somebody challenges you, fight back. Be brutal, be tough.
1 final down, 4 to go! Ready to just be done!
Celebrating Cinco de Mayo by playing Coldplay's "Yellow" on guitar! Luvvin the sounds of Asus4 & Dsus2 sweet! Hope u r shining ur light too!
it's okay!, however thank you! For rt it.
You're really going to make me pick one? Just one? Sigh. Okay. HUEY LEWIS! (Did I win yet?)
Hey thanks for the RT! Will you make it? I'm glad to see the remixthebook Twitter project is still going strong.
Paranormal activity 2 was on some other shit.
ladies leave your man at home!
call him the CEO, him and duncan are the only two left that actually use it consistently
#YouGottaBeKiddingIf you shit your pants....again
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the #android market: "I love this game so much it's so addictive" by Katina
where u working at? dnt tell me wallmart thank you
Jasmine Sullivan's "Excuse Me" >>>>
Come to www.watchnhllive.com to watch all your favorite hockey teams play live online enjoy the games just in time for playoffs!!!!
not at all! google "create gifs" there are a ton of sites to get you started, very straightforward
Kudos to San Diego Opera. They are serving us lunch at the West Senior Center.
what's up Trevor? How's school?
Rose Got Nasty AGAIN ! #4pointplay !
U ever see some shit that just stops everything u doin and have u like
#dhtrial laughter from the chambers.
erase my life
Drink every time Ben professes his love to the Matterhorn.
that awesome moment when you've finished ironing out all the creases in a project
On my way! RT Trying to drag out pf the office to head to the
Finished off the semester with 4 As and a B+ :D wwooohhooo!! Hard work pays off!! Extremely proud of myself 😃😝👍 yayyyy me! Haha
Then we should be fast friends. Thanks for following me, Wynn! I also love books, writing, dogs, and opinionated people!!!
Bay Theatre brings Emily Dickinson to life in season finale
that is your dream!! hahaha
i would definitely volunteer for my sister if her name was picked at reaping
Are you ready? :-)
Hm...probably when I put in landscaping in front of that wall. I'm still not sure my husband thinks it's that funny!
oh hey omg finally so WHAT DID YOU AND ALLYSON DISCUSS! oh i know about me a elijah yea i saw does tweets!
If you are cheating, you are losing......
Some nice #opengov writers out there, but if & ever decided to focus on covering U.S. Congress, game--> killed
all of your extreme fans are ruining this for u. Most of us want u to stay & learn under Manning. Ask the extremists to calm down
Great read. Informative.
not sure would approve.
ol bitch!!
Spice Girls &#39;emotional&#39; over show
Theres gonna be a time when people say u cant do something or live your dreams but u know what i say #NEVERSAYNEVER.plz follow
Today was the shit! O:
Needs some ice cream
A great morning workout.
someday i'll be big enough so you can't hit me, and all you're ever gonna be is mean. why you gotta be so mean?
Sunday only, w/ coupon: Buy 1 smoothie, get 1 free at Lighthouse Maui Café & get 30% off color, highlights, curls at Great Styles & Cuts.
What do you think of SOPA?
thanks for following back booboo!
Thank you . You never know. They may just do it. Thank you for the effort. Let me know if you hear anything. Did 3 radio shows
We love cigar guy!!! Http://www.foxnews.com/scitech/2010/10/11/web-sensation-cigar-guy-unmasked/
Show who you are!help define #washington #DC identity by recording a #video of one thing you do everyday bit.ly/u6RHyv
its one of those slow music nights <3
I fear you could be right, but I'm too much of a fighter to think that long. I already have plans on different ways we can win.
gee, maybe instead of cherry blossom stickers, they should have sprung for emergency call instruction stickers.
Only time anyone will see me be a sweet person is if I hear when you wish upon a star. :')
Alright #athens, you brought it for last weekend, can you bring the same energy out for tonight at ?
#Newsflash The word DIET does not always mean you are trying to lose weight. Just because Im not HUGE does not mean I dont need to eat right
ready to go kikit wit my #BFF #ALAN to wats popin for the
Oh that sounds sexy!
learnin as I go, bro :)
this isn't for the library, so no XML involved. Just admin forms. Plus, we may not use the same tools for library either.
The things we do for Tiger Blood
That would be fun! Let's do it -- you want to ask Adam or should I? Or Both?
DF? im so lost on PPL =/.
do u know any 3 yr olds that can play mariokart and beat there dad. well my son just did i feel embarrased. good show today
“: Vodka, because no great story ever started with someone eating salad”...
A ba a ba a ba #mrloftus LMFAO DIEN.
Sounds great. We look forward to meeting you.
hope you have a great time in Edinburgh. Try the whiskey museum on the royal mile. Was great 20 years ago!!
Thanks For Following! (: xx
Every time I watch an #Xmen movie I feel as though I have mutant powers. Until that emergency room visit.
Victoria Azarenka takes Qatar Total Open ladies tennis championships title
#BLACKBIKEWEEKENDMYRTLEBEACH ARE YOU GOING??
But I won't be gone for to long.
you don't understand we have been est since 2009 and we are COPYRIGHTED. Google Splurge Gang type Splurge Gang on youtube!
I'm needing some new music... what's your favorite song right now?
Been listening to #Emmure for a long ass time and loving it(: <3
Hope things are going well out there. Let me know once we have a status update.
yes! Lol. I will be you physical therapist!
ER&L session on applied use of 360Counter and other usage analytics tools to make decisions coming up at 10:45 CST
How are all the #Hunters? :)
Google Wallet... just a matter of time until it appears on Etsy.com :)
another case of corporate greed.
'Tis so much special that you are to all of us wherever it is we may be to feel you special and most beauteous.
Less than 1 hour away from the new iCarly "iPear Store"!! :D
Where's BLACK SHEEP?
Deep-fried falcon. Yummy!
yeah we do..<3
If you like country the Cactus Blossoms are starting a Monday night residency
Woo New Breed is a BAD Man! Roufusport is Elite!
Are you the guy from the NIck/Artie show? MT : Walking through sunshine to watch Strasburg pitch Spring arrived in the District
what's your thoughts on Pacman and Mayweather not fighting?
Say you're going to a public restroom. Does your butt ever touch the seat?
Hey, I know that place. And I know ELVIS! How could they lay off Greg if they've got the budget for epics like this?
I saw yo mommy & she hugged me Lolololol. :p
Walking around with my hood up bc I was unprepared for the rain. Hopefully no one shoots me.
thanks liz baby!!!!
agreed, however if there be a, hockey bar why no soccer? maybe we, propose "The Blue Line & The Pitch" :-)
Great to see a play at the plate end the game in Cincinnati last night. What a throw!
One of the reasons I love Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome is because of all the sand. It reminds me of Az. That and all the homicidal maniacs.
I've got the whole world in front of me. I'm not letting go til i say "This is My Life"
What people act like these days. -.-
Today I am going to spam Austin and try to get him to follow me(: Today, is history(; maybe...
TONIGHT is the *last performance* of LATW's National Tour: The Rivalry Gates Concert Hall, Newman Center
Team Anthony. 1st place.
Great article about my man in the Detroit News today.
would like an api key for
“It is difficult, but not impossible, to conduct strictly honest business
The Dads word was not gold. Fools Gold it was. Fool me once shame on you, fool me twice shame on me.
New Girl holds a special place in my TV heart.
#Koch plan is to increase income inequality, protect Wall Street banks, subsidize Big Oil & eliminate Medicare, Medicaid, SS & Unions.
Should I get an early start on Movember?
did they like their gifts? how was your Christmas?
Lmfao look at the poof on his head. RT Ms_amERICA_x Omg his shoes are so long and pointy. I hate aKZV.
jealous you know so many people here! Heading to Tel Aviv on Thurs where I know more folks.
where u at
Just be thankful you have a day away from the newsroom. If it gets much hotter, we will need oxygen masks to breathe.
stop! I didn't D:
happy bday one day late! Hope it was fab w your girls!
It's only work if you're actually walking the course. Carts don't count! ;)
Courtney lardo thinks she has a moose knuckle
that lupe jam
I need a good laugh right now , someone text me . Lol
Retired ATF says, "Hell's Lovers are not in the business of contributing to society, they are in the business of taking away from society."
Get ready for Des Moines - tonight!
Lmao yes you can!
can I just take baby lux. seriously, she's the cutest thing in the world.
no, you don't, but your abacus, sextant, slide rule and compasses are subject to secondary inspection
Win a trip to London and Hard Rock Calling with Bon Jovi, Rod Stewart and more. this Wed at 7pm. Free event, live music w/The Hawkeyes 21+.
I'm wearing a bright pink t-shirt today on my birthday, just because I can.
high five! ✋
Oh no. Is that ______ ? OMG! WALK WALK WALK .
John Dimick earns the sweet upgrade to Sr. VP of Programming & Ops at Lincoln Financial Media. Guess we have to start treating him nicer...
That a boy Rob Wilson! Happy for that dude
I'm a Knicks fan and I was asking if I can join the
In case you listen to your fears, you will die never knowing what a brilliant person you could have been.
Note to Kentucky State Senate President David Williams, it is not the Governor's fault you are not liked here.
WOW! Broadcast Minds 2012 was OFF THE HOOK! Thanks to You guys were fantastic!
The off-season allows me to do movies, but I'm not tired of TV yet
you go girl with your black ass
RT : hey everybody i'm a mess of feelings & nerves! witness for yourselves tomorrow for PDXOXO 8p...
This woman is crazy
Bourbon, bourbon, bourbon, I love bourbon.
how your mourning turning OUT!?
Thats what she said
haha im always on it >.< what state are you from?
Fun this afternoon in Hollywood. Looking forward to Erick's first of many "happening" business events.
. great work Brett
I take it that you are having fun? ;)
I looked it up, other people have noticed, it even happens on my uncle's satellite feed
Alright LA, we get it with the rain. If I hear anything about a drought this summer.....
Sweet! A trophy from my favorite Aussie Chica Thank you very much!
11 new Twitter accounts are made every second.
ha that's wasup bruh..next week Monday then, b ready cuzzzz
Happy Birthday ! :-)
Ah ha. One of those hit by a car moments.
Clark claiming he's not watching Ohio game as well, Ohio just went up on UNC, waiting for him to have a AT&T "summoner" moment "Oh!"-"Yes!"
Wishing everyone a safe & fun Super Bowl weekend!! Are you cheering on the Patriots or Giants?
love it! Good luck tonight. I'll keep an eye out for some good singles to send your way...do you have a type?:)
i'm tired.
ah im going <3
Why is it so hard for women to find men who are sensitive, caring, and good looking? Because those men already have boyfriends.
That's the thing! I'm cool with every other storyline. But football at a TX high school is king. You don't cut it after a week.
I hate feeling like the outcast.
New in Reference Universe: The Corsini Encyclopedia of Psychology, 2010 from
Grrrr... You need to get on twitter more often! Lolol
Seriously...I strictly adhere to journalistic ethical standards which I feel have eroded significantly in the last 25 years...
hell yeah we a great group of losers haha !
gave away 500 sample boxes at the
notice me out of 20million #BELIEVE 8
Dude I'm eating one right now!
yes it was 
At the Pop Awards.
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.
Lol Utah fans thought they were gonna pull off a clippers comeback but Ginobili SAID NOT UP IN HERE...NOT UP IN HERE!!!!!!
hahah i used to live in CA too; hows it doing?
yup. I'll be there Sunday night!
Swisher!!! A 2-run double!!! There we go!!!
Of course! RT : from their accent, Celine nanos, and chauffeured Porche I'd say lucky foreign students : )
but with all the bluffing going on i just might be doing that.
What do Donkey Kong and the stove have in common? It's on.
Does anyone wanna pay my miscellaneous bills? Work my life to pay these bills!
I had a scary thought. What if all those Cadbury eggs I ate made me sick?
You rock!:)
Twang it up! RT : Man LA don't make um like the south In need of a
nah, not if your playing on D
With just one look, you can silence a room ;)
I spent the last day watching #gameofthrones and now I'm a little bit obsessed. Thanks:)
It's so EASY 2 doubt the beautiful possibilities of #life making life HARD, but so HARD 2 believe failure is nothin more than tools 4 growth
lmao you're a gorgeous one :p there you go lmao
I love this place!
Under 12 hours to #DCtheatre's biggest cast, crew, and audience party all year, joined by special guest !
your "taken" right.
I know ^_^
Sometimes autocorrect is the funniest part of my day.
Good morning everyone have a nice day......<3
I hate when my weekend doesn`t go as planned :/
Johnny depp and Tom hanks and Harrison ford are actors who don't need to take on already popular projects.
how about "green" piggie?
Holy nuts it is a monsoon outside. Wowzers.
who the Fuck are you? Stopping stalking me Get a life...
Yea glad to see you made it too Austi for
What to do, what to do O.o
U Welcome
green is my fav color.
No more texts please.
Going to petsmart going to look at kittys!!
"Things aren't what they used to be and probably never were." ~Will Rogers
And what does Mario say after you fed him? Is he on strike?
surprisingly it hasn't hit us yet, but the sky looks like it could open up any minute. Hope you have a good one!
I don't like chicken :) haha
lol I know you guys laugh all period >.<
Not the library way. Just the Karla way. :)
I thought that at least they would let them win the foot volley game but I think that Q of M cheated
Also, I have 2 hounds for sale RT I got all excited when I remembered I had cereal & found we had no milk hates me
When are we going channel cat fishing on the Wisconsin?
we do.
"A positive attitude may not solve all your problems but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort."
ha. Someone once asked me if I had to read every book in the library. I said, yes, of course.
I have read that the numbers are increasing exponentially. But where are the twittering lawyers in Balt. DC area?
what up Leah! how bout a follow and don't forget our 1st album is available on iTunes and you can peep us on Pandora.
Looking forward to play again. Tonight my official Bday party:-)
Spam me.
thanks for the butt kickin' boot camp last night...I'm feeling it this morn for sure...ouch!
I wonder if it could go on cereal. Breakfast of champions!
I can&#39;t believe I missed the large enterprise social media meetup! So much going on during
YES! Nothing drove me more crazy in library school than last semester folks who never served in a library in any capacity
Nospectacle now at Bookies tavern.
I'm glad he trust me enough to tell me ANYTHING.
#helc12 excuses- participating in an"occupy some thing" How about Occupy Online Classroom? :-)
I would agree, but I already changed all the clocks..... =(
Don't burn bridges. You'll be surprised how many times you have to cross the same river
CDC director Tom Frieden says China launched its own CDC called "ChinaCDC." "Even though CDC doesn't mean anything in Chinese."
I was sick soo nope :(
I don't hate you, I'm just disappointed you turned into everything you said you'd never be.
90?! Wow! Awesome!
You're too kind. Of course, I made most of mine up.
People who go out of their way to lie are nothing short of a joke.
Oh so little sleep. Thanks :-)
I'm surprised that Gmail blocks images from Google Offers
haha I can see that(:
: I'm attending Atlanta WordCamp on Saturday, Jan. 9
that's your opinion
Found another tick on me! Ah!
It is the dashboard widgets not generated by plugins
isn't that for muscle pain? Wtf is up with u canadiens lol try to sleep it off
The only way to achieve the impossible is to believe it's possible. (Alice in Wonderland)
“: Stop holding on to what hurts and make room for what feels good”//amen!
Good look no doubt.
Great..a ginger movie
Are you or anyone you know (hearing or deaf) fluent in ASL?
Is it me or is it very ironic that Rihanna is in the Battleship movie working in the navy. lol
worst day ever. i just wanna leave & never come back.. tired of slaving awayy..
You almost need sunglasses to watch the #sdsu at colorado st game. CSU hardwood = #ugly &
IT Solutions that work for small business. Thanks to all our wonderful clients here in Houston!!!!!
the fact that the opp uses twitter and facebook = west adopted a candidate, that may have caused his loss, iran is not tehran
2 nights in a row I end with "Jack Sparrow" and pack the dance floor??? LOL!!!!
Social Networking serves as a powerful marketing tool..take advantage
The museum can reach only those whom it can attract. This fact alone is enough to compel it to be convenient to all... - John Cotton Dana
Win super bowl tickets or a an ipad2. FREE to play. Go to playffnow.com
Will the #Democrats spend their entire convention dumping on their state hosts?
WatchingFoxNews-I've lived in a country where the news is a state run propaganda machine... so why does Fox seem so much more propaganda-y?
How are you guys doing over there? Ready and/or anxious for the TeeParty event, that slowly approaches in a few months? :-)
About see the baddest wife, Thai fighter, cardio trainer in the world for lunch... Not following her? You need to! Now!
Shopping & lunch with my sister! #excited!
Good night, sleep tight, I'll see you in the beautiful sunlight! ;) <3
Howard Stern is a no talent bum this whole thing is a sham AGT is a freak show for Simon to make money
Open design contest coming up. We want great designers to submit some work for a chance to win cash and goods. Keep an eye out for more info
"Just because we can't find a solution it doesn't mean that there isn't one." -Andrew Wiles
Well seems like he spends his time writing about working instead of working. Good work takes as long as it takes.
Pilates is like fine print in that it's subversive and evil and you don't know this until it's. too. late.
Save the Date: Certificate Completion Ceremony on October 15. RSVP today
Not lovin that though. I would like to personally thank Darren McFadden for the loss tonight. Time for some sleep.
I'm not gonna know what to do :( FUF + Emily sleepover soon
RT : #Actors #RecordingArtists #Broadcasters Stuff the ballot box w/ #YES votes for by 3/30
Watching Doom Runners with Viggle Wed | 10PM | MoviePlex Get real rewards just for watching TV.
A nigga just came and broke it down at my table... Pause:(
Practicing in tie dye sweatpants and a cat sweatshirt tonight. -kc
Good guys win!
love the coat.. Maybe some color in an accessory would be good
Who wanna have my baby
We're gonna make it POUR! RT holy crap, a diamond? you guys are
Student on campus today wearing two different pieces of gray suit. I want to tell him to take the jacket off.
It's just this random pose that a bunch of people on facebook are doing, then taking pics of it.
DeMaio says he will also hold ConVis accountable.
Love Has No Gender
Thanks to for the follow! Oh, by the way they do a great job.
In Chicago this week spending time w my daughter. R&R! Looking forward to Weird Chicago tour & music Chicago tonight
I can't help but laugh at Bruno being serious tho, even though it's a video for charities :L lol
dm me the password
Correction: y'all, wine's awesome. RT : "You guys, wine's awesome."
hold on wmyb is playing <WeMissAustin!>
ya(: I'm good I play for varsity and Im gonna play in college next year(:
just getting the hang of it mane!
Just got home from last night...what the hell am I doing.
What is the weirdest gift you got over the holidays? We got something so weird sent to the Night Owl office yesterday I can't even say haha
looking forward to seeing you again at
Was checking out your archives for Argentina ideas! Where would you go if you only had 2 weeks?
thanks for the follow back Dave!
YEAH BUTLER! WOO-HOO!
DARE YOU! RT : I had a burrito for breakfast. Dare I have one for lunch? Dare I?
Just came from dave&busters first time going and it was fun!!
is she a good dancer or a bad dancer?
Would love to hear you work! Let me know when you perform...
Please give me a shoutout
Why is Adele running a whorehouse on #MadMen?
My hairs getting longer ☺💁
I had a GREAT TIME at Spin. "I know you had a great time frank, the whole town knows you had a good time Frank"
i cant follow ne one else until u follow !!! pleasee ! im checking !:)
Orioles and Logic should NEVER be used in the same paragraph much less sentence!
me me me I wish
total turn on! Will you please have my babies?
Digging out at work and trying to absorb everything I learned last week about digital curation...
A momma duck and her ducklings were stranded on a median on a busy street. Two drivers blocked traffic allowing them to cross. 1 was me!
The open sewer at the corner of Franklin & Vallejo streets is, without a doubt, one of the most filthy & disgraceful things in this city.
Wednesday night nerd hockey @ Netscape = exactly what you thought it might be. (awesome)
huey is the bane of my existence right now
Ah look at this... Coming home with dinner ready ;) look at him
my #SPURS just beat the Clips...you're welcome :)
Can't believe it's the last week of my freshman year of college. It went by so fast.
I dunno why, but from all the toys in the world, People choose “Feelings” to play with...
i kinda wanna see it ha
Always interesting (if you like SEO): In Google We Trust (Your Identity)
- Disney is just another studio, if I miss any place it would be #Valve ...
WE ARE KENTUCKY.
#ifiwon mega millions,it wouldn't matter to me that my boss denied my vaca request for mid-april-I'd be taking a permanent vacation.
same bored
Surprise trip home for mommy day!!
sometimes my mom wish I was sweet like strawberries when I'm really bitter like lemon juice. Its cute when she thinks its just a phrase
Happy Friday! Time to get my workout on! Hope everyone is having an amazing day, this weather makes me feel great!!!
Senate defeats proposed literacy bill amdmt that would have softened retention language.
Got to start saving up for that apartment even though i have a whole year to wait.
boy talk that talk to me
What's for lunch?
nvm I can hear him watching disney channel
Tim Thomas is standing on his head
didn't ask.. Haha jk but seriously, it wasn't that good.
- is doing a crazy shot on Guardians! Go !!!
i want to tell you that I keep on praying love will find you where you are
it is not quite as bad! Have a great time!
Driver needed for Sprinter van from NYC to Miami today. $250/day. Driver will stay overnight in Miami upon arrival & flown home next day.
Never be who you aren't Never ever fold under pressure Desperate times, get desperate measures! ♥
Thank you, Emily!
probably because the name lita being a common woman's name ;)
Yeah buddy! I'm goin with the experience
Good brainstorming with today. Big ideas.
We've got ya covered Flo! ;)
lmao damn shame let me know when u have n ready to send
. says that numbers from other sports (like rowing) cause as many or more indirect fatalities
dude i rlly rlly rlly want that gummy bear!
Thank you for clearing that up. My mistake. I appreciate it when people can comment with out being nasty. Thank you.
: Tomorrow is #MothersDay, any big plans? Make sure to spoil that special mom.
So like lately I've totally fallen in love with ❤ I love them all but I must say my favorites 😍
A very busy few weeks to come, good planning is the solution here.
Just got back from taking my nephews and goddaughter to see hop. They loved it. Great cameo by
Hi Louis, Thank you for following! Have a great week!!
Community gardens framed as path to citizenship. Learn a virtuous skill at a difficult time, transition to settled life w/ house & garden.
My #apologies, Niama. I'm #Robert. And, I can't stand for folks to call me #Richard. Never could.
Buying Strength Finders, suggested in a HR group I am in.
honestly, I'd prefer Jason or Thomas
I Love Your Tweets! It Would Really Make My Day If You Followed Me Back :)
Pray to Jobs they know how to do this. But if not them, who?
will do dudes, we'll hit you up whenever we get that EP release show set up.
i agree. That is in my top 5 for sure. Val Kilmer's best role!
Do it just like that, only you can do it just like that.
How did I ever plan a shoot without Siri?!
Don't take it personal
If u are open to working w/me on a side project to make extra cash completely outside of showbiz plz DM me asap.
My sport tweet of the day - ESPN really, really sucks!!!
#FF client and friend amazing food there!
doing well. I am home with family and friends right now, which is absolutely amazing.
Time to get back to my characters' roots... Dead Rising time!
#forreally RT : I love the ambitious people. Where my ladder climbers at?!
Cool What Color
Barriers also include privacy, trust, security, and safety!!!! Balancing between greater good & safety!!!
Sometimes, everything you need is right there in front of you! What are you looking for?
. Man City needed 2 goals to win the title. They scored 2 goals in stoppage time to win the EPL. Suck it ManU!!!
Don't give me a reason not to trust you .
200 followers!!!! Love you guys
I'm w/ Kobe on this MT Kobe on young 'uns podium style: "It's a generational thing. Weird glasses, skinny jeans and all that stuff"
Love will take you to the highest heights and lowest low.
The Broncos Won 54 OUTTA' 56 Times The RadIERS oNLY oNE tWO aND tHAT wAS lAST yEAR!
dude. there are no words to describe the ridiculousness.
Moms surpise dinner with
#WhiteSox 6‑run lead but #Hawk just told us that Tigers (logically enough) can jump up & bite us in a hurry — no anatomical details, tho.
That's why when cleaning orange juice stream comes not just anywhere, but it is in the eye?
10:30pm at Takoma, Glenmont-bound train's doors closed before man could exit, then caught him in door
please folow me please
-- Is your Count Nibula tapped for this week?
I'm done Fuckin wid lame bitches that live to impress the world
Heard last night: "Pigs get fat, Hogs get slaughtered."
i think your years are cool haha! and your friend followed me ahaha:)
check ya email bro just sent a couple joints.
Starting to think I missed my calling and HR comms was my area. Company culture, prof dev, engagement, retention all appealing to me.
LOL Tippet talking about embellishment.
thank you very much!!
Remember to update your accounts to follow ElizabethLGould; I'm no longer Calia16, thanks!
the source is myself sadley! but it will catch on soon!
Haha awesome! Thanks for sharing with us, so happy you enjoyed the show!
I know I say this a lot, but I have got to start using this thing more.
I've never had a glod day what does intel Andrew?
"Change your thoughts and you change your world." - Norman Vincent Peale
Happy st patty's! I just downloaded a new app. Drunk text blocker for android.
So this lady in church just said "thank you for mothers that didn't abort what God have them" ....
Uk foreign policy and the continent of Europe
You are so luck
Dems can't pass anything because of Repubs, Repubs can't pass anything because of the Tea Party and all TPs are Repubs! There's Your Sign!
watching tv
Spring Break Yoga Camp Week: March 26-30th is filling fast! 3 places left. Register Now!
Because they haven't been dumbed yet.
After losing out on their initial choice at pick 22, WR K. Wright, the #Browns picked QB Weeden. Now, QB Colt McCoy is being shopped.
I'd like to give a moment of thanks to my grande unsweetened iced green tea from Starbucks.
I hope that dream was just a glimpse into our actual future!
Maccen watch a movie :P
If rashad can't take jones down its gonna open his hands up big time if he can't he's gonna get picked apart from the outside!
finishing up my term paper...might be a little late to class today
If this feeling of soreness, fatigue and dry mouth progresses much more, I may just have to admit that I'm sick and go back to bed.
Found out reads the audiobook version of Ready Player One during the signing at Boswell Book Company tonight. Neat!
I hope everyone has a good weekend!
Its coming...
The realist niggas say ya lyrics do shit for me
Hey buddies! Try it now!
Customer Testimonal from 12-28-11 Luke Miller is haven "Smokin Good BBq" for dinner.... o god its so good!!!
follow back? Please? :)
I feel like a hobo walkin the streets with my trusty backpack of trust.
HELL YEAH WE DOO!!! If we don't im gonna DIEE!! ahah But we will hang out and party, and make this summer BEASTT!! :)
Fujifilm X10 camera review - Technology Today - San Francisco Luxury News
It's chilly outside! With a Rec membership you have access to the pool, fitness classes, open gym, & weight room.
Your Welcome and Good Luck!
Nothing makes me feel so old as being on a college campus.
Important emails are always best written with a drink in-hand.
If doesn't grace me with her presence its murdaaaa
Im loving the info u kickin today
my pleasure! Look forward to sharing more in the future!
Entrepreneurship: living a few years of your life like most people won't, so you can spend the rest of your life like most can't
coaches aren't smart 😜 but Troy's been having back problems, one of his vertebra is slipping out of his spinal cord? Ow ha
Hey check out the 4 Gutsy Girls blogging about their QLCs @ stratejoy.com & maybe u'll find some inspiration & a joyful direction!
I'd bet on Steve. RT : Why doesn't anyone name their racehorse 'Steve'?
'Africa Rising', on the cover of The Economist: Over the past decade six of the world's fastest growing countries were African.
"Bringing the gifts my ancestors gave, I am the dream and the hope of the slave. I rise. I rise. I rise." - Maya Angelou
David Harris know's his stuff. A publisher's experience combined w/ Nobel prize laureates creating turnkey OER txtbks=CHANGE
At work!! Then chillin w girlie!
Finally getting some house shows under way! If you want us to to do one for you guys, send an email to
Research Group: a good showing. One approach: "who are the audiences" for the research? This group clearly need describe good practice
we drove two blocks, got out of our cars, some dude started saying stuff, got in cars, left. 5 mins of Bmore is all I need lol.
Its great to hear stuff like this from players up in the league. You got fans out here in Boston.
who do you think is dumber? The guy or the girl? Purdy sure that dude was as dumb.
Have you heard of ? I have not been but heard it is great.
No guitar war, I luv Stevie, who wouldn't. Just discussing ax
But he doesn't see that.
I only have 75 followers -_-
Elie Wiesel Quote of the Day: "Our obligation is to give meaning to life and in doing so to overcome the passive, indifferent life."
Some people are so crazy and hateful! Get a grip!
RT : A3 yes, how others see me is important and I ask for feedback to learn more
Singing at #SCA with no voice yesterday = no voice today for real. Oh well, it happens. I'm glad I suck today as opposed to yesterday.
congrats!! Way to make our state step up!
Email availability/resume to
Haha! he is isn't he. Good thing he took after his mom.
Good Morning!!
I k ow
1.idfc that was old n crusty like yoy that why you bringimg it up 2.YOU STILL AINT SHOW ME YO BF YET OR GIVE ME A NAME!!???
chec email my g
These moments are living memories
Are primaries and caucuses turned into 'American Idol' style events on cable news networks bad for democracy... or can it be good?
I am so
Do you have plans for the #Kentucky Derby?! #Triple Crown viewing party on Sat ! Don't forget to dress in ur Derby best!
$5.00 burgers Tonight!! Come Watch the Games , Eat Drink & be Merry!!
you always play great against elite teams We need you there tonight!
Robust search of training catalogs in Plateau6.4 - very helpful for users to target the training they need.
Lucroy. Beautiful double.
LOL! :) My home works done!
Going to watch A Walk To Remember tomorrow in academic enrichment.. I might as well not wear makeup cause I'm going to cry like a baby. :c
Sushi ah sushi
#wild flag kicked it tonight, create show
Can you send a screenshot to ? We'll take a look right away!
Good morning, Sunshine!
hookin up the drinks!
Good luck today, ladies!
Thanks so much!
When the internet's so slow that even the advertisements lag #why?!
I just want to be the third wheel on the tricycle of terror! Can you see his soul yet!?!
Important life lesson: "for your age" shouldn't ever be said to any woman.
Shipley's for breakfast!
Y do i have to be stuck in the house right now, the only thing i hate about leavind in md.
Bad associates make it hard for good ones. Lady was talking to her coworker the entire time she was ringing me up. Didn't even greet me.
you just made cry.
I just heard thunder! What a rare treat for the Bay Area! (Earlier, hail. But that was just weird and alarming).
The best time to make friends is before you need them. - Ether Barrymore
thanks for encouragement. I need to wait for my IT guy (Carlos) to come home from DC.
I started out using TweetDeck, but I'm trying web-based CoTweet now. So far, I'm more comfortable with CoTweet.
found out #obama is going to be eating dinner 0.1 miles from my apartment tomorrow!!! Also: scared I won't be able to get home after work
Can't wait for
Today seems like a good day to listen to Dolly Parton and cry for a couple hours. Thanks brain.
- absolutely my pleasure to support such a remarkable event & group. Looking fwd to seeing u.
vs OpenMail, where the same email is sent to everyone, and software distribution is handled as a separate process. I'd prefer OM.
Thanks for the shout out!
thank you so much for making the delicious Costa Rican coffee this morning from !
if this is happening now I can imagine what will happen on census day. I might not be able to get in to arbitrate...oh well
Can't wait to hear all about it! Let's link for dinner next week? I'll reach out soon to set a date.
are you going to run or watch GOP cut bait?
If the AP tent doesn't let me take a picture with you I'll commit suicide haha
Ava still loves him. Ugh!
Dark blue, dark blue, have you ever been alone in a crowded room?
Who's got their #summer #fashion picked out?
: aw. Thank ya muchly! :)
I like buying bags of air ckus sum times I get chips with em (:
still gonna cut u!!!! inside out
haha I thought u looked cute in the picture! Haha :)))
I sent him the letter :O
Thank you for the update- crazy afternoon out there!
Your Welcome! RT : ➡Thank you for Tweeting about me today. ☺
#20ThingsAboutMe 3) i cant wait till summer! 4) im scared of the dark! 5) i eat ALOT but somehow don't get fat, 6) im a funny person.
I am watching Frasier at 2 AM on a Saturday night. Exactly what the frat guys do.
And coming down off that good mood high on my own.. good job Crystal... kudos.
went to GNC and got a new stack for the month. #megamay is now in session
You bet. Wouldn't miss it. =)
Working from home in #queens #newyork and I just felt an #earthquake. Who knows where the closest fault line is?
Showed my age, and was tragically bummed, when meeting w/ 'kids' who had never seen the move 'brazil';
Turducken for dinner!!
If love is sweet as a flower, then my mother is that sweet flower of love.
There are many companies that may have options for public policy, but the best bet is to visit booths to find out more!
If that! Lol.
Thanks for the mention!
So the guy driving the Universal Lubricants, LLC truck was totally checking me out. Sales pitch?
RT : Raj Rao from 3M on Customer Intelligence "this is the future of marketing".
Nice #LeighSteinberg interview wish you could question Congress & get candid results like that...
oh my they were going to have a serious hoe down!!!
I'm Bringing Cisco Back.....
Great job search advice! RT : #lib4jobs Focus on soft skills ... Everyone needs them
Cancer~ What song would Austin sing to you for your birthday?~ Favorite girl<3
listening to your beautiful music as I do booking/travel planning stuff. Make this process a little more "joyous":)
I'm tired of arguing with Pandora about George Harrison. I don't think I like him. Pandora insists that I must.
I expect a full report!!! Off to photoshoot day 3 and IDS party tonight. Good luck with #IDzinechat !
The wilde things have quieted tonight. RIP Maurice Sendak
oh yeah can't wait!!
Thursday/Friday/& Saturdays (Tuesdays/Wednesdays/Thursdays ) & Saturdays hosted by me &other promoters
Oh how I wish would just tweet my nieces and once, even if its just a retweet.
Last night in the 513, shits about to get crazy! Well about as crazy as Steak n Shake can get.
so this lil girl follows me around work just to hear me sing ! ツ #MADEMYNIGHT!
want to DM with me?
tommy boy!
We are now owners of a queen-size bed. And might I add, this is lovely.
Whoever invented summer homework...you're on my hit list :)
do nish work today
I love you. Even though you make my day everyday, you'll still never notice me. But I still #believe #someday you will :)
how was your day
In grace something is transcended, once and for all overcome
Can y'all plzzzzzzy plz help me get to 1.000 followers
forgetting Sarah Marshall!
i #VotedForRyan i love you ryan!!
you inspire me.
the usual lol
Allegro Dance Co will be performing Sat Aug 20 Noon at WV Northern Community College Campus for Arts Fest. Join US!!
How I adore the KILLERS
hey haha he could have had Mrs. Quick
RT : Every woman should try this self defense class out. And, for the kiddos - karate classes ..just $10 each!...
I think A, is gonna be who we all LEAST expect.
Things just won't be the same without around, rest in peace my man you will be missed
Does anyone listen to heyhihello
Vitellos' Jazz Club in Studio City in association with the LA Jazz Society asks the LA jazz-loving community to join in JAZZ for JAPAN!
wow super down pour thunder and lightening...never had a soccer game called before..damn
I'd have figured them for Fulham Tup drinkers! (but not after they mingily renamed it "The Rose").
Happy Birthday ! Hope you have a lovely day :)
just came back from wellesley in massachusetts
Happy 42nd annual Earth Day everyone! How are you going to celebrate?
Love it or leave it, you can't understand
It is huge! : all about it. Haha I need to go to the Seattle Goodwill. I've heard rumors...it's like Costco size haha
I do. I make a lot of music :)
om i wonder if someone will invent a low-5...a high five with your feet.. =] <3
Been a fan since 80's, still listen to anthrax almost daily.. Will this get me a follow? I wish! l'lI so brag to my friends.
Debating on Facebook on who's the better wizard: Gandalf or Dumbledore.
place is nuts!!!
I just turned 30, so therefore I am locked out of all new slanguage...what is this #YOLO you speak of?
Very helpful list. Thanks for sharing!
nothing but i just ate pizza so i'm happy lol wbu austy?
.... Listening on our way to NOLA!
fantastic article! :)
Sale Alert! 2nite only! Visit us & say the secret discount code: "I live cute!" then wink & you’ll receive 20% off your entire purchase! <3
Discovered my new all-time favorite Pandora channel 'Escala Radio' thanks to #SymphonicQuixotic last weekend. Amazing!!
Aw, what a cute little guy.
I think my mama waits intentionally for me to come out my room JUST to make me run and do stuff.! The Nerve of Grown People.!
How could you? :'o
Tattoo view 2
an ik u always will! Ur my bffl (best friend for life). Lol im sure u could have figured that out tho.
my love for you was bulletproof but you're the one who shot me.
You are an amateur radio enthusiast? Can you connect to the Internet and web with ham radios and a computer?
#12 Michigan State defeats #3 ranked Ohio State, to snap their 39-game home win streak, with a final score of 58-48 in college basketball.
You say you don't want to lose me but you do everything to push me away
When I'm at home by myself is peace and tranquility
D: oh no! It'll be online soon I'm sure c:
This episode of is really intense & sad at the same time. It's just too crazy!
Get High & Listen to some Sade 
Thanks Lisa!
I always down for a picnic in the park.
So true.
happens :) RT : 2 days in a row. Needed something close an quick. Busy day (@ Pepino's Mexican Grill)
love u too!
i lost one follower people r rude
and to those who offered you a drink at caffreys....haha come out to ms katies on thursday and you'll get your bday drink!
Totally satisfied with my most recent encounter with a customer service rep. However, it was via email so I could understand the person.
Great meeting today! Thanks for the BBQ! Looking forward to working together in some way.
yeh, let's get together for a drink! Bus Boys at 5th and K?
When i get my tax return I'm taking my gal out on a nice fancy date!
Top 10 tech gadgets everyone should own
google translate it is. Thank you ! ;)
My travel mate don't wear coats or socks, and we are going to Chicago 😳
That sure looks like the den of a mad scientist.
Where you going punk.......hmu
yep..and we're getting darn serious about spreading the word. no need to drive North for great wine. Its here..
I am now following the twitter because whomever runs it is a complete boss! Haha I love their humor!
haha that is funny! :) *giggles*
Doesn't that tie your entire career in playoff points.
Keystone dead. Americans impoverished. Sen Feinstein's (D) hubby makes bazillions? America has fallen, has fallen...
Completely agree w #CBS analysts on over-emphasizing non-conference SOS. That's OK--#Mizzou plays better w chip on shoulder.
Ugly sweater party!
Is there anyone with more 5 star matches under the belt? Maybe Shawn, but that's it. Its true.
That because people come to Minnesota for healthcare, then leave, the hospitals don't need the money.
NICELY! I hope that by tweeting at them they'll give you some free shit
My last name is diamond..RT : Diamond are forever! She my bitch forever!
At the Community Intergroup Seder through the American Jewish Committee of Cincinnati. Thanks for joining me
is listening to ravel's string quartet in f mvt II "assez vif- tres rythme"... again, and preparing to walk to the radio station in the rain
Chipotle's chips and pico de gallo sounds soo good right now
The world just got a little better - #TwinPeaks is on Netflix Instant
It was hard to watch. It was too real. haha
there is a name for them
Sorry, have a 3 year old hanging on my neck now... Sounds like same issue, but I can Google more later...
Is $90 million even a real number?
Got any recordings yet?!
She's interested in library science and Web 2.0 technologies??
Done with pleasure, Stephen!
Great personal stories from and Chair Rosie Mendoza Now tell us your story
Whoa! I totally didn't know The Four Seasons sang "December, 1963." Total DERP moment! O_O
lets play right now
Drinking every night because we drink to my accomplishments.
Heard a crazy rumor about CNN buying you guys out. True? False? Not going to tell me either way? Keep up the great work!
How you gonna let a cat break up a relationship
A party in your mouth is right!! Enjoy your weekend!
Let us check...yep, it's golfing weather. What's your favorite Northwest #golf destination?
I got it thanks!
Man I haven't been up this early in a very long time feels good.
Critics always find a reason to hate the heat...
with the pizza in it, of course.
#ziptip Not sure which side the tank's on? Look at the little arrow on the fuel gauge. Most Zipcars have this nifty icon
- If it helps to know, its raining do here in the OC as we speak!
When I hear neighbours practicing guitar through open windows I kinda want to start playing everything back at them dueling banjos style.
14 miler easy long run fueled by & never felt stronger in my1:47of running.
Let's cuddle(:
2 more reviews readied. 1 is the most glowing thing I've written for you, the other is the meanest. Enjoy! Will need more soon!
can't sleep : ( mumford and sons put me to sleep please :)
I did Dr.Jones lol you tried to play me on the world wide twitter hahahahaha....
Hope you had a good NYE! Was wondering if you had a chance to finish No Gender Left Behind. No worries if not :)
It's still blank. RT Please get the web team to check the website. It is still serving up blank homepage.
Gracias my friend! :-)
U cant rush love.. love take time what yall call love is really(Lusting for one another)..
shhhh don't tell her lol
What happens when your wife runs into a tree? Idk, but the real question is why is there a tree in the kitchen?
It's kinda fun crushn on someone but then not so fun. I need answers!
Fri are still up in the air but we have stayed at Motel 6 before and they have cheap rates like $80 a night so we won't be
Everyone send me updates on the rangers game, I am working. Please and thank you 👍
About to meet our wonderful client from Cal Bank & Trust in person. Thanks for your help, too.
you're correct, actually!
haha. Perhaps. How's the grad degree coming along?
Very excited to be part of the lineup for Ultimate Software's day-long #HR workshop in #Milwaukee. Hope you can join me!...
My parents dont give me presesnts for easter because they say that's not important & it's not what Easter's about...guess thats true haha
Watching coach carter :)
hahah no one does so just saying whusgood
86% of social media pros are afraid of their corporate social accounts being hacked. via
I just got humped by Jimmy Kimmel. Night complete.
Done forthe day and the only thing I wanna do, right now is chill with my baby....gt this sad feeling nw tht only she cn tke away.
i just did
NHL, no. NFL? Ravens. FML. At least the Orioles can always be counted on to be consistent...ly bad.
Why am I at the lake?
where did you go for the americano?
Is that the one where they get slime all over them?
#FF Our amazing merchants
Everbody gone to sleep on me. :-( my bf went home to early
I never took my snow brushes out of my back seat. Didn't honestly think I'd actually have to use them though.
both analogies have some validity. The question for me is how you can engineer an optimal team.
Need game system repaired? Shoot, need a game system?! That's ANY system?? Visit #GAMEJUNKIE in Glenside, PA. 111 S. Easton RD. 19038.
It's also just kinda creepy that we go to museums and look at human remains,
Currently lovin' some
There is a new Barbie doll on the market - Hiroshima Barbie ...just a shadow of her former self
Morning, beautiful people. Up & at 'em!
thanks for all the tweets this season. I hope ur covering the finals!
Those tweets were confusing.
Oh ya =super monkey
Author is a narrow minded indie rocker. Enjoys seeing bands play the same 13 song show over and over. Let the tour begin!
I'm going to yoga later. Look at us hippies
I think its funny that girls are fixing there makeup right before gym class
I can't sleep.
tired from dreaming? :)
Prince Harry spotted indulging in beer and burgers at McP’s Irish Pub in Coronado and hanging out at the Ivy Rooftop club in the Gaslamp.
Thanks for the RT! :)
MT : SM can change institutions internally but not mission. Cohesiveness/teamwork is great but when not forced.
Cerulean by is so good. The whole album is amazing. I have listened to it all the way through almost once a day for weeks.
When are you looking to move to DC?
thanks! Of course it took me a few minutes to figure out how to reply on this thing, I feel
yah but 78 million of that went to to cocaine and prostitutes
When children show up in the profile photos on my Facebook feed... I'm always like "I don't remember friending any babies on here..."
Thanks! The year is ending great so far. Just raised $180 4 the DFTH charity. super excited. When r u sending in ur donation?
Time to start celebrating the best day of the year...cinco de mayo and 's 21st birthday!!
Don't forget the less fortunate this holiday season. Your local food pantry can always use help. PicknSave has plenty of items they need!
oh goodness ariana. Your version is by far the best :) hahaha
#quotes If life were measured by accomplishments, most of us would die in infancy.
Clinton program is great :D
When guys kiss you on the for head..
If I was a farmer the first thing I'd do is have a meeting with the roosters & cows & tell them to wake up around 9:30 instead of 5
Thanks to Kerry for the great lesson!
can i Iet go in you? Its about time.
thanks :) have we met at a refresh or something? I can’t remember if we have or not
that's a bet if y'all need me just holla
I still need to take my shower smh
Stupid detention -_____- goin to the mall bye
I definitely see it as Blair finally showing she ia betting on Chuck and when the show returns it'll be her, by his side...
#fourweddings Are you serious? An opera wedding? That's hot!
god point. :)
- just sent you an email. Let me know if you didn't get it
I may or may not be listing to radio Disney...
All men who have achieved great things have been great dreamers. ~ Orison Swett Marden
Will be great venue when done! Near last venue in Culver, next 2 Kirk Douglas Theatre. Find Ruth Price on FB, think still hers.
Thanks Ma!
I can't wait for #Believe Boyfriend is amazing! Proud of you #Belieber 4
We all know you can hunt these animals , but should you? What happened to teach a man to fish?
!!!!!!! RT : DAMN years ago I was a Damn fool.. 08-10 ... Man.. glad that ain't my lifestyle no more..
Got my first parking ticket on the scooter today. Good on you, Milwaukee meter maids in the Third Ward. You are intense.
I'd totally forgotten the "hurry up and wait" nature of film.
I just want to find a chick that will accept me for me and not use my problems and issues against me. Or to down talk me.
Congrats to Sergo! Quality guy through and through. “: RT : Congrats to new Bucks Equipment Manager Mike Sergo.
“: “: have fun at your proms! :)” thank you! Have fun elly!!!:) #lovetrio”so much love😘
thanks for the chat tonight! I love you so much my sister, my friend my angel!
what's your favorite type of sandwich?
Yeah we couldn't afford that RT Williams' deal: six years, up to $100 million, including $50 million guaranteed.
Do you have a personal wine "Mecca," inspired by a special wine, person, or experience, you hope to visit someday? Winery, maker, etc?
I'm ready for bed :-/
when u rate the product each month...
If he knew like i kno tell det nigga be quiet.!
Sweet! How about showing CitySwarm some luv too David;)
you need the z me. lol lol
There's still time to win that UMPT water bottle! How many classes have you attended this week?
Showering is so annoying
No big plans for the weekend. I'm excited its the week...end! :) What is Razoo up to?
Just saw a great film: The Conspirator.
Just finished great interview with at #C2E2 . Classy, cool guy.
Happy Wednesday! Half way through the week! :)
you gotta find the humor in it if you don't it will consume you. I have a god one week I was dx'd
Where is FS San Diego?? 18 just gives me the no channel there, 23 is MSNBC.
Those are Record of the Year nominees? As a voting member of the Academy, I'm, well, sort-of ashamed. Except for Cee-Lo. And Lady Antebellum
Thank you kindly!
I'm going to nose dive straight into the gutter.
Being Southern means never having to say I didn't know you could fry that
Loving me some editor. Clean UI and has a live preview. Nice! Check your goodies bag attendees. USB delight.
“: Nights that you end up being alone and bored <<<”
what I was about to say.
It'd be fun if they just named everyone in Ireland. "Meet the Irish! #1- Seamus O'Flanagan, #2- Mary McMurray, #3-....."
It's #biketoworkweek. Will you be taking advantage of it?
your welcome
Some people are just idiots :/
Not many are talking about RGV's 'Department '. He should have hired some one who can act well with Amitabh Bachchan.
Stumbling off the LAX red eye-it's "The First Grader's" producer Richard Harding and actor/producer Sam Feuer
wants to do "Real-Time" analysis. Lemme just focus on the BUSINESS of things :) PLAYER PLAYER :) #KeyPlayers in IT.
We've got Spirit, yes we do! Welcome to !
Having a pretty chill day. Gonna finish it off with some noodles, the little mermaid, and some Nintendo 64. Day well spent.
Adam Richman is one sexy man
Going out to Myra's Dionysus tonight... last chance to see my art show there!
Protect your identity at Saturday's Shred-a-thon
you forgot the pink one.
BoFlex has been sold
Good boy.
And by three words, I mean four. Just tucking into my first cup of coffee.
RT : Going out tonight? Dine at Meritage - 25% of your total bill goes to Make a difference for kids with
My anthem lol thank you bitch oh & WHERE'S THE
Check out our facebook page for pictures of our social media window art. Make sure to "like" your favorites. Most likes gets a free lunch!
** Hello fellow author, Following you on Facebook too
Very interesting - can't wait to learn more! (typical public response?) Keep up the great work!
My sister is so funny. Ive been dying for a hour. Cryin. Yep im home. Well on my way to my house. But home as in Pittsburgh
FREE FREE WEBSITES LET US HELP U IMPROVE YOUR VISUAL IMAGE studio5one2gmail.com
I need to learn to think before I do things
your Tom Jones performance solidified your badassery. That perch is the best for people watching
Cmon I'm actually home tonight...shake it off and let's go
Sucky for you, an check your dms.
Hahaha I know
Porcelian Raft is some good tunes. Moody, but just enough bleep-bloop to be fun. Check them out via
I'm gonna start Pinterest today!! Yay!
hush your mouth! I hope your having a wonderful time haha
Lob City should've won
Yes, exactly! I always have bacon grease available. Seared cabbage in bacon grease? M.
stephuu are you working today?
Finally did it.. Well that took a huge load off my chest.
Singers that compose new songs from their hearts that are used to change our lives
a 10 A.M. Fade has never hurt anyone. P.s I'd tip you real good.
Hate, hate, hate being sick. :-(
yeah totally!
“Mothers of Teenagers Know Why Animals Eat Their Young”
what's good stilt? 7EST on ESPN. Well cya later brotha.
was reading it with a friend on their laptop and didn't save the link, but I'll see if I can track it down.
Disappointed by the afternoon sessions, but loving Chicago and this beautiful weather!
Is he really getting a full weave
True ride or die girls are too rare to find
My kinkiness comes from deep within. What you mean is, now we know what I see in David. ;)
I wish Potter's House was in NY. I would so go. It's worth it. The energy, vibe, teaching, presences & word...is so worth it!
Haddadi didn't want any part of that Blake Griffin dunk
Can't get your children to eat meat? Mix them a TeamVic Matrix shake and they will get quality protein and nutrition.
D3 offering sincere congrats to candidates: K.H., R.P. & N.H.! Also, well wishes going out today to M.G. from D3!
not sure. It was a part of the cu Denver guitar festival. I hope they start touring again though!
Hey BJ how do you feel about the DQ on the card, and Joe confronting Mazagatti about it?
this #clooneywatch nonsense is silly. and he's filming 3 doors from my work tomorrow. #lookoutjoe is gonna be busy!
We got in the studio. Can't wait to show u all what we're working on!
The Cloisters is something like the forgotten treasure of the family.
Are they trying to warm us up to them so we'll watch their show? NOT!
"Clarity trumps persuasion" ~Flint McGlaughlin
Thanks for following, Verve! If you're ever in the mood for a tune about batman or a hooker or whatever your fave nerds are here!
thanks all
Scared money don't make no money
#thankateacher 30th annual CA Day of the Teachers: prosperity of our state & nation is determined by skills & abilities of next generation
I should probably leave the building more often.
Big Love! How are you?
If x marks the spot of woman's original voice, where do we put that x on the map? I say the belly. That's where hunger starts...
These "ugly" gifts are of God, too. We don't understand His will, so we label some things evil, only cuz they don't match our expectations.
one game at a time boys! Eyes on the prize
Ensign, status report!
Put me in the loop!
haha I'm about to go man! Tweet me sometime
More IT leadership bon mots : "The costs are always real while the benefits are theoretical." #CIO - Thanks Rob Owen
yea until we land somewhere. Too many unknowns right now. Ha
ALWAYS! Jealous! Have fun in NYC!!
Grace transforms fate into a meaningful vocation
Stay tuned ...Nabj-Indy will do a giveaway this evening at 9pm
when did it get to be 11?!
Baltimore theatre is about to blow up with the help of !!!
Best supporting actress goes to Octavia Spencer - again what a shock
hmm i wonder if ever got a kink in his neck from flipping his hair all the time....HM
I'm pretty great...I just have a headache. Blah. What are you up to? x
Would you find it strange to ask that you respond to my tweet to encourage this micro econ homework? If not, I understand.
i havent seen that actually! I love it tho! great find, ill have to put it on pinterest haha
#mvt121 VP story: In 2006 – 10 years after deciding to become a Christ-follower, I felt the discontent around my career escalating.
no clue
oh no..are you ok?
Thank you!! We are so delighted that you enjoyed your stay! Please come back again soon. :D
I'm getting the shishito bisque
Today is #BeyondThudnerdomeWednesday!
Baha! Luv it! QT : I am starting a write-in campaign for your cat for learner "little helpers" at home!
send me your email I can get you the description tmrw when I am back in the office !
Me: Heyy(: Friend: hey ... BITCH WHERES MY SMILEY FACE!!! :/
RT : The best way to go to couples counseling is alone.
You walkin in a fashion show, or what?
Lanes shut down on I-77 South at mile marker 99 (Greenbrier Street). Be prepared to stop as you approach this area!
I HATE WHEN A NIGGA UMBRELLA FLIP IN DA FUCKIN RAIN SON!....SMH BE MAKIN A NIGGA LOOK RETARDED
Today in the night of new with my dad and you friend ToñO
Maybe and can help your cravings?
Starting to feel a ltitle fall'ish Hope everyone is doing well this Tuesday mornin.
I can't handle the truth today obviously
Already working on it <3
amazing how an early snowstorm will cause people to dress like it's antartica...
Bored at school
Believe you can and you’re halfway there!
not a big mystery
Irish Band needed to play at a Midlands racecourse on Easter Monday. Any ideas - please contact me asap.
yeah have you been to any concerts :o?
That feeling you get when, his name shows up on your phone.
Shit I Gotta Do
For north central Florida folks, I'll be at the Citrus Library Author Fair in Homosassa at the community center signing from 12-3pm.
Hey! I just saw your videos on YouTube and I think you have an amazing voice...
Oh shit he bout to shoot you
Hey , save me some time and just have consloe.log, cnosole.log, and console.log all do the same thing, please?
I gotta lotta work to do. Which is more exciting than daunting when you're doing it for yourself.
Played any good competitive games of butt darts lately?
No, wait--crew decides to stay and fight. Monster attacks Cinder...Cinder is killed.
yes please do!!!!
The NFL network plays a lot of dramatic mood music. Are losing teams put to death or something? Maybe their first born children are taken?
: Aloha. We (SMCHI) would love to have a short 20-minute training preso at our next event May 14. Interested?
Eager BootCampers: Fellowship decisions have been made & we're just waiting for the #thatcamp mothership to confirm & notify applicants!
By Thurs: teach, grade a lot, pack, move, write 2 papers (one professional, one for school), do all other day-to-day work stuff.
Goodmorning!! #Milwaukee it sure is windy today.
Wife making Christmas goodies and there is random Christmas music on in background
“: Brian just said the magic word: Trust. #dfwsem #smcdallas #dfwtweetoff do people trust your content and your authority?”
- Seriously dude, it's #DIETribes ;)
Does United know? I can't tell
It's funny that everyone is making a big deal about Jeremy Lin's ethnicity. Then they interview him with a backdrop that says MSG
yup I think we saw the same one I like my phone bulky just becuz I'm so rough w/it! ButTheySayThatThePhoneCantBreak
Thanks for RTing this out to your network. We hope #WWJF finale went smashingly, the Sweethearts was fantastic.
Can't wait to get the hell off.....
lol yeah :) its been a rough year I can't wait to get out a little
not being able to get ahold of your boyfriend is one of the worst feelings.
"#BillClinton at #TomHarkin Steak Fry, dressed in jeans and blue workshirt" - record in American Archive!
We're having a blast so far! Stop by 4047 N Milwaukee if you have a chance and say hi and/or participate!
is that upon you or someone else?
Stanley Cup Playoffs. Way more exciting, way more parity.
Yaoo Where At In NY ?
Every time we open our mouths, men look into our minds.
Yes, if you sit in your fridge and use a spray bottle to spray water in your face every minute or so while you eat.
Follow me !
Bette Midler, 'From a Distance'. Alanis, 'You Live You Learn'. Faith Hill, 'This Kiss.'=my mom's 3 favorite 90s songs. love it.
meet us and find out what we are all about! 3/12/12- 6pm The RIO 9535 Park Meadows Dr. Lone Tree
#sljsummit10 Abram: role of librarians: building ciritical connections betwn information & knowledge=move beyond teaching kids to find stuff
u can call me.babe
I can't get over that Carlos Fuentes quote in 's obit for him.
Meet us Thursday at 5:30 to see "OV Loves Downtown" a show benefiting Opportunity Village!
I wanna make a shoutout video with someone who's down:)
Don't forget to send us your project photos so we can show them off to the world on our Facebook Page!
Also, there is a police siren that has been going off for literally 30 minutes and im trying to sleep. Ugh.
Yes it is. What would you like to know? Are you at AAM?
Even excluding the horror it precipitated for the Nations, it was far from benign. Yazoo buyers claimed "right of conquest."
I let you beat me for you not to want the cookie :o
I really dont care about anything anymore .
One of those days that makes you think
damn, that grl feisty!
lol...wow. No sir. Was it bad for you or the other team?
No such thing as a weekend or a day off! ALWAYS GRINDING
No. But Stephen is singing a chorus on a new song. It's Fred/Astrolabe. He's remixed us a couple of times in the past. Very housey
Am i the only one that thinks is sexxy?
finna hit this dry asx cafeteria...not even hungry.. #BaddestOutMyCrew and dats not up for debating! <3
tweet to mr
great to meet you tonight.
- finah gone head n log out !!! soo goodniqht peoples !!!
Learn Clickbank - The Clickbank Code Review
lmao I didn't start it.
make the heat go away,
you can make anything look gorgeous.
Thanks! It should be tons of fun. Wish you could be there too!
hahaha.. “: My internet bride got delivered today, she's the WiFi always dreamed of.”
What do you mean?
Use code "BLKFRDY" and get 15% off. Shipped shirt for under $20.00 ! Stay tuned! -The TV.
i love ducks im obsessed with them. and i have a million pillows and everything duck all over my room.
Thanks Hector... Great to have u here... Have an awesome week my friend
can't find the huge spider i sprayed with raid. it's planning revenge. i know it. panicking until it makes it's move.
The Night Kitchen is closing at midnight tonight and will reopen December 28. Happy Holidays!
Riding round bumping
I go away a few hours & TCOT becomes prisoners of conscience? Wait here... I'll alert Amnesty International.
So true! Romney's like the kid who can't find his shoes. Yesterday: Where are the jobs?! Today: Never mind; found them!
same! Boys with tattoos are my weakness. So hot.
U gotta booty?
Are you tired of not understanding where the food trucks will be? Well problem solved. Just "FOLLOW" me and ill tell you where they are.
holy shit. Please tell me you said hi
Cranberries have numerous health benefits. They are full of vitamin manganese.
Sure, no problem I talked with Kathy of for an article and enjoyed learning about the group
Ha! Truth. Getting as much a head start as I can, but counting on that last minute lightning inspiration...
Most women are modivated so i act accordingly,But This is so refreshing it means a little more to me ! SLAPPIN
I'll post it to YouTube.
A mi también!
The richest man is not he who has the most, but he who needs the least.
There is always a consequence of every action lol :)
i cant stop sneezing, grr!
your idol has a twitter!!!!!
doesn't seem to add much value.
lmao! Sir Robert Banks baby hahaha
Lol they changed the whole party up quick
Hi! Are you still running your kids eat for 99 cents special? If so, what are the details? Thanks!
Thrilled to see another example of someone working hard, putting in the time, and getting rewarded. Even more thrilled that it's a friend.
That reminds me of this quote: "Digital cultural heritage resources are a fundamental dataset for the humanities"+
Brilliant show; which season are you on? don't have nightmares of Patty!
you're late...what happened to 10am sharp?
On the way to school. fun fun fun.
what about now? :)
wonder if is still up and caught a glimpse of
- They're not in season until April-May, but fresh and delicious pineapples are available year round. Thumbs up!
Yep... "Lord of the Flies"
Don't let Chris go in the water. That's a resource we all have to share.
I think I ate too much today . At least it was some kick ass BBQ.
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them. -John F. Kennedy
just 1 hour, you can do this Nicole you can do it
It is the surmounting of difficulties that make heroes. Louis Kossuth
Early going Sunday with about 80 cappers with hoop action posted and 3 college hoops consensus so far and more to come
I love being gang banged!
Writing slightly unconventional analysis of The Good Soldier...for an arch. class, w/ some Adolf Loos thrown in. Interdisciplinarity is fun!
Looking forward to it! :
Forecast for Wednesday: Cloudy in the morning. Becoming mostly sunny. Patchy fog in the morning. Highs 63 to 68 near...
Don't you trust word-of-mouth recommendations from friends and family more than other messages you receive? We do. 4MeNU.
Stopping through the #TweetSuite at the #AutoClub400 for to talk #Twitter with #NASCAR fans
Nothing beats a midday "I just called to say I love you, Uncle Jake" from my niece, Shianne.
That fight today Q(-_-Q) lmfaooo some girls should just stick to talkin shit & rollin they eyes .
Thanks GMO Kumagai-san answered my question about "Lady's first", I will start taking action to change myself from today.
coo I can't complain. U?
t's our pleasure to wish you a happy Customer Service Week!
keep in mind that I am a free agent...please contacts agent for availability.
You'd think a full cup of boiling hot coffee spilled onto a remote control would render it useless. Not today. Take that Murphy!
not many things make me happier than cheetah print
Teachers who understand what it means to be a student are the best teachers. Adora Svitak at
- Well-said, Callan!
Why you calling yourself BARBIE and you look like KEN?
Josh Hamilton is on fiahhhhh!
That's Not Bad Though Girl... I Was Huge Lbs
Just need time to think
Dvr broken, phone smashed, laptop won't turn on. #technologyfail ...living basically in the
you work is so beautiful.
Alli Sports and Mountain Dew Announce Long Term Extension and New Dew Tour
Please don't go to Boston. Please don't go to Boston. Please don't go to Boston. Please don't go to Boston. Please don't go to Boston.
on my way to 's house yeeee
Women do not find it difficult nowadays to behave like men, but they often find it extremely difficult to behave like gentlemen.
It's National Honesty Day, today. Asshole.
Hello too... have you follow me back already? ^^RT Hello New Follower:D
SAT word of the day: myriad (adj.) consisting of a very great number
2 all beef patties, special sauce, lettuce, cheese, pickles, onions on a sesame seed bun!!!
Thanks :) Hi Luisa. How are you?
iphone autocorrect Settings/general/keyboard/autocorrect on/off
Women wish to be loved without a why or a wherefore; not because they are pretty, or good, or well-bred, or graceful, or intelligent,
Loving this LA weather : )
In session about migration to #D2L. Looking forward to hearing my colleague, Emily Stone talk about DePaul's experience.
Don't be fooled, I bet VA has a law against it too. Mrs. Rowj might want to look into for days when she has a "headache."
You would think we were infested by raccoons from the cupboard security precautions in this house.. #dogs&cats
Students!!!! Keep your eye out for us tomorrow on campus, we will be hurlin' some free "shwag" in the early afternoon near Las Lomas!
Its one of my fav. shows!
stop tweeting about me, im blushing
“: -- I picked the freakin' huskies to win the game 38-28. Go back and check”--you called it. 10 pt win...
Today Is My Birthday Plz follow me and my 2 friends & and I will give u a follow back :)
that is such a beautiful ring man! Congrats!!
how to tie a tie android app. swear to god.
well said hope you have an amazing day.
that's very PG for tonight lol..
People are rude these daays . -.- lol
#Spartacus is having a crazy sex scene rite now
Question for those of you who work with music: What artist-aggregator do you use? Do you recommend it? Thanks for your input!
i know u aint talkin bout me... last time I checked Ninja isnt 2 workds.. so uh uh uh hush.
I've got "screw you alarm clock" covered!
whats next is you go shopping and get a new hair do.
Good day, I feel accomplished.
Dear Tom Brady, you're not as good at pointing at defensive players as Peyton Manning is.
Gold Street sounds good. RT : Where to eat breakfast today?
We want Pittsburgh Dad on GYGS TV with Kurt Angle Foods!!!!!!
how do people take shots of whiskey w/out chaser!.
Mitt Romney says we should be creating 500,000 jobs/month. Thats happened 5 times since WW2. Either hes an idiot or hes lying
yea buddy!
High finna buss ass in this #2k real quick #Lobcity bitch
EQ isn't a "nice to have". It's mission critical.
I think will murder you......with partying.
When you tie a straw wrapper and it tears apart fully>>>
Good night <333
Bol I guess you not coming down there with me huh lol RT : woah there!
Tamya is going to meet the owner of a studio tomorrow. And we've actually got a couple of songs finishes ☺ - Zay
great speaking with you today. Can't wait to work with you!
: Thanks for following Jamie and look forward to receiving your tweets.
JOHN CARTER was a mixed bag. Let's just hope it encourages people to read the books.
Top musicians
you got Til The World Ends by Brittney Spears <3
What's the name of that tool that enables you to record iPhone and iPad demos from your computer?
Looks like The Sitch needs to catch up to you
Tomorrow at 4pm EST we will live-tweet the #KatzLecture with speakers Dr. Stephen Hinshaw and Academy award-winning producer Brian Grazer!
you just tell the b whoever she is ima beat ha a**
Chris, I just read what Raz has been saying. Totally immature. Don't engage the conversation. It just keeps the pot stirred.
its hot how you said go for the kill.(:
Omg I need to get out of babys r us I'm gettin baby fever 😱😳
New DJ name: DJ WWJD (palindrome)(different than a Palin-drome, which is a Palin-like drome)(drome is not a real word)
my irl clout is immeasurable son, those Amex cards should rain down on me. F the innanet!
bro I got a couple of singles for u to check out!!
Two gigs this week!! f£-day and s_nday :)
oh east side salem is much worse!
We have some great art pieces available in our store!!!
good for us then
"Your consciousness fills up all of space and time."//Wow, no wonder I can't find a parking spot.
RT : Happy St Patrick's Day everyone!!!
RT : Congratulations to all the Huskies who are graduating today and tomorrow! Welcome to the alumni family!
Excited to hear it's running well!
Pls remember, we now operate Fall/Winter/Spring hours. No more Sat's ;( Our paninis taste great the next day warmed in oven. 70s tomorrow
Drinking: Ales and Lagers. Ha! RT : Lifting: Tri's & Abs
I love your imagines !<3
i gets a gas mask :)
Francis Gurry, #WIPO #GlobalINET Intellectual Property about balancing needs of all. Net radically increases # of creators
“: I got 2 middle fingers and an attitude lol” I like that SO much. LOL
thank u to my 34 followers LUV u
i have an app that can put pictures into videos and it wont put them during the song. it only puts them before or after. any other ideas?
Lines are more or less the same as they were Wednesday. At this point, you know it or you don't.
As an unabashed Collective Soul lover I was in such a good mood on the ride in today!
Cinderella with
got this drank in my cup!
Welcome to twitter! :)
you are my cinema I could watch you forever...actually pretty creepy lyrics we DJ Repeat-ed all weekend
When google made the switch a couple months ago they froze my channel. I had to make a new one. So I'm starting over.
thanks honey!
if you can't be completely comfortable around your boyfriend or girlfriend , then your not that close
Random ; i always thought Tupac was cute. The only male that look good with a nose piercing!
Touchdown Wisconsin!
Heat/Knicks game
WOOH. You hear the rain?
can you imagine Eric Hosmer pranking Bruce Chen in a gorilla suit
Talking with at Man, you better be getting excited!
wrote a script about typos and put hella typos in it
Sounds as if you must have MLS Direct Kick! Well played.
unfortunately no :| haha
oh no! I hate it when that happens. Lol! Well, I hope u can fall asleep soon..Watch tv&tweet in the meantime. Lol!
Mine automatically reverted to the compact version, but the colors hurt my eyes, so it doesn't help that much...
Ordinary Girl
yes! I'm going to check them out after work. I was thinking that would be a good option!
I dnt want "The Perfect Nigga" I want a faithful, loyal nigga who I can trust :)
Oh, they have much more than that.
Lucky. RT Officially 4 months until I leave for India!!
Right on! ": The rain is not stoping us... MAU students, staff, and faculty are at #Relayforlife at Bermudez Park in #Doral."
It's almost 2am and I'm so
Dudes if you guys are in town come hang out with us tonight at the Office.
Following up on RTD stabbing from last night in Aurora. Have you ever seen any strange things happen while on public transportation?
Thank you. I'll let you know if I come across something.
I had to get a new twitter. Forgot my old email, starting over :(
I LOVE THIS XD
probably the worst idea I've ever had was trying to fit that last thought into a 140 character tweet...
hell yeah dude, Jason is the shit!
A 2 billion dollar blunder? Wow is/he in a witness protection program yet? 1/1000th of Chase value says 1 "expert" LOL all I can say is WTF?
This is why I love Lynette #DesperateHousewives ♥
Monday Night Football - San Diego -3 Lock it In !!!
I love you and there are six more days till you are here. So I am being sad and eating a cookie, like a tiny person.
BITCH DONT U EVA! EVA! REP #DADECOUNTY & JUMP BACK LIKE THAT. FUCKIN #DISGRACE TO #MIAMI GO 2 IDAHO WIT DAT!
There are some adorable, fuzzy cat-friends in my house who are about to get fitted with miniature catheters if the peeing parties don't stop
So the THREAT of violence in #Libya was enough to go in & kill #Khadaffi but 8000+ DEAD in #Syria yields nothing? #WarpedHumanitarianism :-/
Congrats to ! The answer is "cashew."
great memory! You are correct. ;)
I hate that I can't live tweet #Texans game from our great seats. Why does Reliant have such bad cell service?
I know right !!
Alas, more than one. I was watching the ceremony on TV last night when it hit me ... Wa.wa. ;)
Ask anytime, Rachael
women love me, i am the next Heff. :D
LP Thursday! Come listen to records all night, enjoy great wine tasting all day, and happy hour 4-7pm. Enjoy
Netzero email settings for android // dragon quest 8 jessica gone
Thanks for the RT Jared! Appreciated.
I just figured you were drunk and forgave it :)
This weekend can't come any faster!
Ok time for bed, back to the real world, work tomorrow. oh the joys of being an adult... ugh! And I wanted to grow up why?
KEEP "BUBBA SQUIRREL" WESLEY, N U'R PRAYERS..HE'S GOING THRU SAME THING AS N 2009..F/S..
If you want to submit music and videos please contact
hahah oh yeah..:) lol...AND april!
We own the night
Thanks for passing around our blog post. Bring on the verbs!
just figured out what alot of my guys friends dont like about a girl... when a girl is WAAY too skinny. hmm who knew? lol
just tired of explaining beans and rice. Should Nov. prove prosperous, I'll give again at hemorrage levels.
I feel bars around the domed building are probably crazy busy tonight. Wish I could check them out.
you're my future abs idiot
you fanny! haha go back to bed! Where are you btw?
hopefully your basketball team can win without the referees help against UNT. Go green!
is writing code to extract XML from the SASS journal db for an experiment in faceted navigation over 100 years of articles.
Red Velvet cupcakes are the shit <3
I am in so much pain... I'm also a dummy. And I wish you were here with us! Goin to universal tomorrow
You have to vote for ! pretty please with sugar on top! He would be great for your Knoxville show!
Hey guys let's get some #FF going and help us spread the word!
i am! I kno i am!(gotti)
Feeling a bit better about the #thesis after crunching some numbers.
Distance don't make a heart fonder. Fuck whatchu heard money -_-
home alone. bored.
thanks so much for following me :)
Eek, less than an hour till Vampire Diaries! I was a little underwhelmed last week, but I'm hopeful for this week! Happy Thursday!
Ha i wanna see how many hoodrats get mad about my last tweet lol
yeah I bought a few shirts. Hard to buy for me without trying on since I'm so tall. I'm sure you have the same problem. :)
Hey fatty behind me in class, dying your hair blonde doesn't make up for your double chin and bitchy attitude.
Headed to #sxsw. Time to start tweeting every 5 seconds.
Cafe 300 specials for this beautiful Tuesday are cheddar broccoli soup and a grilled turkey panini! Come on in! Bring the whole fam!
RT : Tymetrix: "of the top 5 metrics, geography has bigger impact on attorney rates than experience"
Be a person who plan things..
Headed to play at that's cool with beth beighy, connor rand, clay evans and more....come on out!
Geoffrey Hill, Collected Critical Writings.
glad u did (:
I'm very happy I missed this debate. ( nailed it - this should be a holistic debate if we're going to have it, not a partial one)
Register to volunteer with iMentor, a technology-based mentoring program in New York City. www.imentor.org,
RT one thing worse than quitting is being afraid to begin,
Texting while I'm pooping >
kink in my neck this morning...not fun
WTF IS THIS? Is this music ! Nick cannon stop.
Planking and Owl-ing.
Don't forget about Mom this Sunday! There are so many things she deserves. What are you thinking?
Breakfast at 6:45. Job site visits till 10. Then heading to corporate.
you blamed oit
love it mere bear
Donald and Peta are amazing,I'm in shock that and are eliminated.I hate when top couples get eliminated /:
#ThingsIDon'tLiketoHear RT A construction crane snapped at 4 WTC, steel fell onto the site. As of now, 1 minor injury.
I agree, "The best investment we can make for this country is early childhood education"
We Have Overcome! Let The Weak Say, "I Am Strong!" Let The Poor Say, "I Am Rich!" Because Of What Jesus Has Done For Us!
All very interesting points.
are we still doing jeans today?
Poles: Am people solidly reject the gut-unions/cut-1%ers-taxes/Bomb-Iran Republicanism championed by the Prez wanabees.
So impressed! Really eye-opening to watch all this data come together and explore on several levels.
Good morning and thanks for following
woot woot! i'm a lib arts major
dm me your number bro
If you were not here how would your absence impact the world?
“: Idk I just love it when someone calls me "babe".” babe babe babe babe babe. Get at me ;)
Thanks for the RT ... Kathy's a great agent -- covers the #Verona #Wisconsin area well!
Now gonna watch as JJ "putz" this one to bed. I kill myself lol
I suppose so….but then that's not a very good security question!
Order sent to Brodie in LA!
Best cust serv from today! Thk U Anna Maria! Made listening 2 awful on hold music worth it!!
I guess this is part of "feeling" the music.
Great night for the Buckeyes and the B1G. I guess the Blue Devils and the ACC have a lot to ponder...
“: that was the longest argument ever #RHONJ” would you like to try something!? Lol
I watch Fox News because I don't like pro wrestling anymore but I still love the fake storylines and colorful characters
Who knew an "apple" would cost so much lol
listening to a group of students work on business/accounting coursework makes me glad I'd never attempted those classes.
I believe was a HS WR. But I bet dude could have been UCLAs QB if he wanted.
Welcome to the #Packers !
you need something to rebuild around. They have no one now.
This ain't about music...this is about bein true to yo self first
From our Spring Workshop Series: SafeLink Wireless will do on-site open job interviews March 15. Contact us for more info.
The pain of having a broken heart is not so much as to kill you, yet not so little as to let you live.
Let us know what you think of www.googlebump.com
Girl to her brothers on path who are ignoring my bike bell: Move! Can't you hear she's jingling her way through!?
1 part down, 4 workshops to go! So far so good...
Hello all.!..I have been absent and I've been going to school..Been very busy. Time to get a few posts in..Enjoy
Just received our first official wedding present!! Thank you Hanson Family!
There are some fantastic alternate holidays in December. When I was a kid, we did St Lucy (13th) and St Nicholas (5th) days
Looks like a great meal to cheat on!
Cool, thanks for sharing those! /
Follow me I love fitness; I am the princess of swim & gym!! And I have been the agent to many soap stars
RT : RT : Where can I get a card?--> By going to MyTallyCardz.com
There is nothing that cannot be done when true concentration is applied.
I just threw up in mouth a little.
Recents shoots include Temple University, some corporate and industrial shoots, and a marketing seminar. More cool shoots coming up...
If you spend less money tryna stunt and more money on your craft you might make it! #Music biz
Tune into NBC 6 right now to find out where storms are as you head out the door
home. in bed. happy.
haha. It's been a WHOLE year.
What is up w/nonexistent dating these days? U boyz want the prize w/o the feat of accomplishment...epic fail! #sigh, #boyssuck, #fail,
Thanks for #FF !
Ima name this rainy day KRISTAL
May you walk in the way of good men, and keep to the path of the [consistently] righteous with God. NspiredBy Proverbs 2:20 AMP
The further one is removed from the atrocity, the more likely one is to allow it to happen: For discussion today at 1 pm
Safe travel to Rochester, tomorrow graduates! Congrats little brother!
Me too, that 's why I'm stuck cheering for an underperforming team.
Act of Valor with moms and pops. Damn what I'd do to be a Navy Seal
i just want to give up dana i didnt sleep last night. like i hate this feeling i was i could talk to him one more time
fuck my life.
We're getting more volunteers for the event. We need someone to make a large banner - any takers?
Motivator bot is telling Alyssa to kill herself lololol.
releasing my first tune on may 1st or if we can get to 1k followers, I'll pre-release it :)
See for a good example of authentic fan engagement in social media.
should be. No plans I can think of.
Members Card Heat under 186 (15 units)
thanks(: ditto
This #conferencecall is at a record of 1 hour 54 minutes and there is no end in sight.
Don't worry, now there's more time to dream up more obstacles!
yayayayayyy!!! I can't wait! I've always wanted to take your course, as I adore everything you do!
30 minutes straight elliptical. 3,044 strides @ setting 10/2. Still cold turkey diet pop. Water n iced tea.
Its a shame everyone's home for break and not getting a load of my sweet new haircut.
We are about to have band rehearsal. Working on new songs today!
Finishing up some #cabinets in a high end home. Let us give your kitchen a facelift too.
LOL! :) Do you have Knerd t-shirt? If you'd like, DM us your address and we'll mail you one. Thx again!
romeo & juliet is so fuckin' depressing :(
Shared the premise of my (latest) WIP with my agent, (after 1st getting feedback from the gals.) #amwriting (1/2)
Welcome to the Tweeter!
Brain Floss: It takes just 17 muscles to smile but 43 to frown. You'll be smiling after a cleaning with us! Call 486-4880 today!
Kobe flashing some defense.
Brother will find a job when he is on the street lol
yeah. She's one of my favorite. It's a shame she's gone
I know! Right now relying on my 90 pound dog
thank you sir.
thanks again for helping me out with my bill! I really appreciate it (:
Sure, if you also send over an iOS device :)
not bricolage? Which my phone wants to correct to "bit collage"...
Justin Bieber Shows Off Basketball Skills in NBA ‘Drummer Boy ’ Promo (VIDEO) Basketball season is back with a bang with a little hel
Cause we are, the same. <3
omg can you call me off Margaret's
One Shining Moment!
We're making Cap'n Crunch Chicken in our Qwik Meals w/ Chix class 10/12 at 7! It's yummy!
say what you like about the deaf...
happens to me all the time :/
Thanks a bunch, , for the retweets ;-)!
Think of us as a black business support group. Then join today!
Ugh, I HEAR you Lord....we are going back to church tomorrow. Dang.
an absolute shame. Is world on a fast track to Idiocracy or what?
Just glad to know one of the Best 50 Antique Bloggers!
Teague is nice.
My 9yo: "If there was a Barbie that looked just like her, I would buy it and play with it every day!" URSO beautiful & tlnted
I laid up for hours in a daze
i was about 2 say
done we will do something soon!
I've been there man, trust me. My best advice is: baby steps.
I Feel today will be a great day:-))
Mastering the new Stumblejunk 11-song CD today. Also duplicating / full-color printing / packaging a big DVD order today as well.
yes, i am required to watch an episode of the simpsons for class. i know you're jealous.
when i wanna watch lol its gonna be awesome cant wait
Energy controls the universe.
if you need a bad bitch, lemme call a few.. ❤
yes I am can't wait, hopefully I'll be there opening day, don't know tho
I struggle to keep up with my emails, but because of my type of work, I'm probably more inundated than most.
": Alright alright alright" you gon learn today!!
haha thats nice & oh my gosh thats so true your getting old lol(:
hamels is wiry.
Just saw this: come visit me ! Here till 2am! Good crowd :-)
Hey can all ages get a jersey tonight?
I agree.....and Cleveland is breathing down their necks
Thanks for tweeting! Will we "see" you there?
Tease. RT Major casting announcement about a movie star and an Off Broadway play coming soon.
Happy Mother's Day Angie!
you're welcome! we had a blast too!
Instructions: Get the duct tape, tape the fish up, stab the magnet into the fish and put the fish inside your PC.
Call and order a banner today...mention this status...and get 50% off! Free design! 615-255-3825
Ya'll gonna fuck around turn me back into the old me
will you be at the franchises session in the ballroom? Would love to see you and say hi.
it did
I wanna do something different with my hair tomorrow
This is interesting. #NFL so much for getting down.
proud to be an american
Natalie Givans was inspirational as she spoke about integrating her life to fit in all priorities & reminded us not to dance alone at
Branyan is playing for the Yankees Triple A team I believe
I can't believe it either.
Ima do me till I die so get used to it
Be the person the lord intended you to be!
Nah...welcome to the bigs, youngster. #Brewers RT Almost feel bad for that rookie in his debut. ALMOST.
What three words spring to mind when you think about Detectigo?
We're more than reposted soundbites. Come follow our Tumblr blog: nmws.tumblr.com for more content and substance.
Every ceiling, when reached, becomes a floor, upon which one walks as a matter of course and prescriptive right. Aldous Huxley
--->stop tryin' to sell me stuff<---
Im so glad you got a video! thank you!! & YES we need to see him again! Next time we're in PV I will definatley let you know!
These are codes that require a chart or computer program to translate the blind code to a bitting code
Getting used to #Google+
Napoleon Bonaparte No man can stand on top because he is put there
See ya there!
Watching my cats on the DVR. Watching a UK beat down without commercials, priceless.
BOOM. I closed the polls of Glendale. BOOM.
#HTH2012 demos multispectral images showing multiple layers, highly nuanced calls it "digital archaeology" in LoC documents
Made In America: The best of American Mid Century. www.midcenturymobler.com
Protein shake needed bad and then gym.
good day for #miamidolphins a jets loss woulda made it a great day.
so i tell my mum im hungry and she goes and tells me to "go see if there's any work i can do" for skewl. K THANKS BITCH. LET ME STARVE THEN.
we jus have hella angels *close eyes bows head*
Ryan: “Ayn Rand ... did a fantastic job of explaining the morality of capitalism [and] individualism.”
im so sorry chica. I wouldnt have paid her after that. Did u?
Good luck, Griffin! Get after it!
what's her twitter?
Just got it. Not sure if we'll be able to get someone to your show, but we'll def try. And we'll review CD/preview show too
Not if that is what she wants. If she is motivated, I foresee a well-rounded adult.
": Morning peeps!" <> Morning
GO FOLLOW I'm 100& sure that she follow back ♪♫
It's annoying as hell.
I tried to think of the unique, besides South Beach. Micro suits & club mixes meld into one blur eventually.
worked in her favour! Ton of extra publicity....maybe someone can flour bomb me :)
gotta love a hot chick rep'n the clippers.
Well this is going to be a long day....Chicago it was real.
Dear agony just let go of me dear agony...love that song (:
98.6% of a monkey's DNA is exactly the same as a human being's.
u have an amazing voice and ily in House of anubis wish i could come to england
I'd better get to work then.
Coworker asked if I got my purple shoes from Barney the Dinosaur. Super confidence booster. Not like I'm going to be on stage... Oh wait...
Henny and ginger ale... Lovely
does anyone know how old is?
when I spill green tea all over my desk, I'm grateful it wasn't coffee
has the washington monument fallen over yet? Lol.
On the Gateway Clipper to the Steeler-Pats game! #HereWeGoSteelers!
has to be the most underrated Lyricist in the game. This man is just killin everyone!
WTF...how come everytime I tweet something, I get an instantanous spam tweet back?! , do something about the spambots!
“: #FF Roger Goodell. He's the commissioner of the National Football League.” Good call!
Thanks Sherree! just signed up, with limited profile because of name. Hopefully they institute business profiles soon! THANX!
Get to Know Fennel, Plus a Recipe for Salmon With Tomato-Fennel Salsa
This is a God-awful hour to be awake!
Holler back! #underground #art #film #fashion #music #groundbreaking!
My desire is for 9-11-11 to represent a new beginning in your life. Let's take time today to
Hey louis! I love you!<3
Volvo Roof Bars for vehicles with Roof Rails ?
Jan. 13 is presented by and get ready for raffle & prizes …shortsatsbjan2012-eorg.eventbrite.com
- this reminders me of a bumper sticker idea I had, "Towers will be violated"
Thanks for the RT!
Send me a ticket
I know
“: I know this one song...it's called southern thing? You should hear it ;)” hmm.. I'll check it out! Sounds familiar
No one really ever wins an argument. Choose your words wisely...
haha that's so funny love it!
Casually just registered for classes on my phone
be careful man. I think bud light owns the right to the phrase "here we go," I wouldn't want you getting sued
Outdoor ice hockey in California? Believe it.
U'd be perfect! RT : I'd LOVE too
Think Martin Brodeur played Phil Collins' "In the Air Tonight" on repeat? "I've been waiting for this moment.. all my life."
I love licorice Thanks to National Licorice Day yesterday
Please don't go insane, I like the crazy twitter in you, not sure about how insanity twitter would work.
I know, sometimes gets a little homesick. You guys taking care of him? Raisinets and pretzels should do the trick.
I always look forward each month to your update email--amazing how much content is added!
and I'm sorry for causing this, I bloody am. I wanna make things right again
God is clearly punishing me for having the audacity to live beyond the walls of butler this semester
up and getting ready for work 14 days to go!! <3 my family
Epicenter for this a.m.'s earthquake was about 2 miles from my house. A few things got knocked over, picture frames a little crooked.
ive been drunk and high these past 60 days ...smh
No goal fuck you
The almighty pizza box appears in at least 2 ads this month. Finally.
afraid there are probably some work visa issues that would need to be sorted out.
Nothing makes me feel better than when I'm at Southland !
follow our personal accounts to please! and thanks :) -Melanie
wow you are good
Shyt Belizean Moms' Say....: via my upbringing precisely.
I saw one with a gas sniffer but she didnt drink it! IL
This new guy better be worth it
Running home to watch #ManUtd v Glasgow Rangers with #Gordonramsay , if he starts any sectarian chanting i'll tell him to fuck off.
May the fourth #FF - - because these three make up part of my rebel alliance.
Just finished my photo shoot at the Hollywood Sign to help launch "The McCracken Live! McChristmas McSpecial" this week. Stay tuned!
Tonight I'm at IXTAPA Cantina 119 E. Colorado Blvd, Pasadena, CA, starts at 8:30pm, with Roger Rod, Eric Schwartz, & Eric Blake, no door fee
it's gossip.
... Wow! Such a loaded question!! I have about 8 answers so far and none of them are nice!
God Bless and be safe Gio!
UGH those hangovers were epic!
Worldwide, it is estimated that about 162 million adults use marijuana at least once per year, and 22.5 million use the drug daily.
who paid you to tweet that shit Stuart? Awful
I forgot to put #YoungerMe on that last tweet.
busymenu Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
I'm 2 days behind on Twitter, so, keep Certified Copy, albeit a great film, just release a Blu-ray of TWO-LANE BLACKTOP already.
no?? This Week!
Near North Park..went to Pepper Grove today and it was really nice. I don't have much playground experience :)
RT : #SteveBlakeProtectionFund <- !!! see, donate to THAT, not the Zimmerman website!
Burning a little midnight oil and reviewing footage from yesterday's shoot. Looks great!
Learn about the Nati Riots, youtube/ Nati Riots
On la talk radio now!!!!!
if i make zayn my icon, will he DM me for sex? ;)
I just got my friend Janice Cantore's new book in the mail - ACCUSED from Tyndale House. Woo-hooo!!
Joy is Like the Rain..It f.alls freely from the sky touching down here and there. - Michael Barrett
Tune into @ KUTaustin 90.5 now to hear client Sharon Marriquín disc
Whenever you need, just know ill be there shortly. I don't care what your friends say cause they don't know me. :D
Cant believe the seasons over !! I love you girls .. !!
Stop by booth #909 at #NSBAConf today & find out more info on #MyLivePD online coaching!
Can't sleep
Wow!!! I can't believe the Clippers won that game! I was ready to declare Memphis the soon to be NBA world champions
I just washed the dishes. Should I send you a pic I that?
Girl he's that BAD!!! : Lol sheeeshhh RT : Let me calm down before I have an orgasm on myself!
RT : Scott's Submarine is featured in and scores high www.myndapp.com
I really meant I might u to build some cabinets!
I need to start tweeting again. I've neglected and lost followers =/
Why is RIP Jackie Chan trending?!?!? that scared me for a sec.. it's a hoax people!
Agreed. You need critical mass, and that mass has to come from somewhere.
Employment relationships are based on mutual interest. At the end, there's no more mutual interest. Fascinating to see how that plays out.
loving the new album already! I've been jamming all morning! Two Black Cadillacs & Blown Away steal the show!!
#MyThoughtsAtSchool "I wonder if , , or is tweeting while I'm stuck in this hell whole?
y'all are going this weekend? If you feel like getting a little deeper into LA, we'll be hanging out in the French Quarter.
Sometimes the #answer is so simple you overlook the #obvious. SeanLetwat
Who in da hell told to change Avi. My TL fucked up now!!! Change it back damit!
This is my last resoooooorttttt!
"Aesthetics happen." -Porter Arneill
Ooh wee its pouring down out there
I have a suspicion that they were once called "burp-ups," after what you do once completing a few sets. Could be wrong.
Some of my fb friends are wack
#DemianBichir is incredible - A Better Life
depends on how well we know each other. would be harder/more awkward to go separate ways if it wasnt going well.
so windy out!
All I wanna fucking do is hold you.
Stop trying to impress people by being someone you're not because in the end, you'll lose yourself!!!
LAST CHANCE to get on our guestlist to see The Hunger Games tonight at Baxter 8 Theater is coming with the Interactive 8 at 8!!!!!!!!!!!!
Looking for #craftbeer in #Asheville. Any suggestions?
I see , bring me food !
How is it that the NFL is several months away, but it makes up 50 percent of the talk of every show on ESPN?
Surprise surprise we on da way
i hope it crash
What's everyone doing for exercise today? I'm thinking of taking a walk. It's not much, but it's better than nothing, right?
#InCaseWeDie , Someone needs to take me to Australia. Good aye mate ;)
Just Got on Linkedin!
Can I get you another drink?
Former President Bill Clinton in DC next Friday. Stay tuned for more details!
Just joined the iPad revolution.
Well, I've probably talked your ear off.
I say the right things, but act the wrong way...
how cool would it be to be able to click on a photo from a site like Monticello and select it to be one's avatar? nifty idea! [-]
Malaysia mosque a source of hope for heroin addicts - Reuters
Is Paul Gigot @ WSJ a bigot? Well, IJS...you don't have a name like that and have talk that backs it up for nothing!!!
no promises, but let me know when u go.
It will be a toss up today, will the worst bit of my day be the dentist or the gym?
Why wouldn't the #Rams take Broyles from Oklahoma? He would have some familiarity with Sam Bradford & the kid has great hands.
This #insen business is just absurd. The trend also makes me question progressive hope in generational shifts promising future success.
Happy 175th Birthday #Texas :-)
Excited for work tomorrow. RT : This Saturday April 28th from 11am to 830pm. Fear, Jello Biafra, Circle One, + more
Requesting "Young Homie" by on #mrchrisrene. Pls play it :)
I must've missed the seizure/strobe warnings at the Sleigh Bells show, or else tort law allows me to send them my next optometrist bill.
We're now on #Google Plus! If you're on add us to your circle! Hope to see you there!
Lovely round tonight at Indigo with and ...now drifting off to that thing called sleep
this is like watching Serie A games 15 years ago in the US.
Kennedy says in#civility sometimes furthers moral agenda eg brown and nat turner because reasonable people of good wlll may be mistaken.
Hey! How are you? I haven't talk to you in a while.
what shall we do?
#Foxtrot automates data clean-up within Excel workbooks. Need to change names from all CAPS to Proper Format in seconds? Foxtrot can help!
honored. hope it holds up
forever alone swaq
me n jackie are walking around burchfield.
It's really cool when your mom tells you that your dads having surgery on a meniscal tear in his knee just a few minutes before the surgery
Glad you feel welcome at #AribaLIVE. I just attended your session - so engaging, thanks for the insights!
How bad does ur life to be to commit suicide
no s?
Don't forget a stop at Koppa's on #MKEDay ... Get game snacks for tonight #Bucks and #Brewers showdowns and
FYI its also Slovak
I can't believe just mixed Warren g into this Rihanna bullshit. Get the fuck off the air
RT Dear crazy people, has writing letters to inanimate objects run its course yet? Seems silly. Get well soon... Chad
The first time i read your tweet, it did not have a comma.
If you had to make an estimate, how many times a day do you enter a login and password?
What are the Best Boston Skateboard Companys?
Waiting for the src to open
Stoked! Should see our first rev out of India at month-end. Going to be Mr. Toad's Wild Ride from there out...
Thanks hun, you have a good day also. :)
Good Morning Twitter World. Hope everyone has a good day!
can't we all just have like one guy and love each other forever an ever an ever an like never seperate. No? Oh okay..
Heading to Cali soon!! Details? Anyone? Bueller?
Just heard tat2'd Up, damn go hard or go home! Good magazine, love that jam!
Are you on twitter? Follow me at
Don't you just love it when Word loses the entire document you've spent a hour working on!?
It's so calming ^.^
Drinking the last beer. And by the last beer, I mean MY last beer.
Everyone is not your friend
You must document document document and fully understand your rights and how to enforce them.
yup. Without pay. Pregnant wife. Probably SOP for internal investigation but still...
griffin where/when are you moving!?
same price I ship for free
looking for an inexpensive and easy #coffee grinder that is great for making coarse grounds...any suggestions?
So many tv show tweets. I feel like you could just make one up and no one would know. Like: Ashley is such a backstabber!
I COULD B UR GURLFRIEND ;))) no jk seriously hay.
yes. My dad had surgery today.
“: Vote Louisville No. 2.” Agreed!!
If you could cure one disease or make a dramatic change for a cause, what would it be?
damn. thats so early! did you write about memories or future?
i'm Regina i'm 12 years & you're the Best and my favorite DJ!<3
last night's episode got me furious about that announcement u made.
We have a Full Service #Barber & Shoe Services. Grooming, shaving, Braiding 4 Men 1738 Telegraph ave #Oakland 510 8321100 just pop in!
omg scotty just killed it on stage....Love Him......!!!!!!
Just polished off leftovers -- mushroom, leek & tarragon stuffing, black truffle mash potato, & cajun turkey taste amazing the next day!
Lefty on the mound here and Leyland has yet to pinch hit Inge for one of 3 lefty hitters. Makes no sense
Have a safe and wonderful holiday weekend!
Without wonder and insight, acting is just a trade. With it, it becomes creation
Pussy runs the world ha
Danes ripping
Great place! Say "hello" to Chris.
Lunch Specials Starting at $6.95 at Punjab Restaurant. The Best Thing Since Naan Bread!
Watched the English (UK) dub of Arrietty today. So good.
cannot wait to read the fanfic from !!!!!! hope im in there with niall somehow :)
I miss you <3
Trouble keeping the conversation going on a date? Bring a hand puppet into the mix.
I HATE being in sucha bad mood.
#ThingsIReallyCantStand when someone argues and argues with me and I'm right but they don't get that!
Headed to the store to get my mom a bouquet of a dozen roses<3 Happy Mothers Day Mommy:)
That's awesome. We didn't plant it in our home garden, so wasn't sure: “: Our garden is full of zucchini.”
Sarah looks like she wants to cry and is only setting up! Hahaha
Thanks for profitability tracks! Cultivation in progress.
Avoiding June Gloom? Get to work in a sunny yellow #BroadwayCab!
Oh it was! My two greatest loves all in one dream! Bahahaha.
That's brilliant!!
you're in the UK now? color me jealous :) have fun!
Thanks 4 the follow ==>
whats your favorite part about singing?
Ended up with someone else's sunglasses. Sorry! They look just like mine. Anyone missing them?
Listening to Avril Lavigne's new album goodbye lullaby
They also talked about how SKC is now one of the loudest home enviroments in the mls
Sorry about Thurmond Munson and Cory Lidle RT i hope you know i hate the red sox and wish they would die in a plane crash
Some girls jus dont kno waz right for them & what they really want!!!
are keeping secrets from me...TELL ME!!!!!
going to sleep goodnight <3
#MYSTRANGEADDICTION . THESE PPLEZ SO CRAZY IM LYKE OMG REALLY !
intel? :)RT : spending the afternoon visiting jewelry stores...what should I shop for today?
Stupid hungry right now!
Excuse my language but I think my dick throws balls harder than mark Sanchez
Go cards!
1987, me thinks.
“: 33-7 run, Can u say beat down!”beat down!
you welcome:) and Thanxzs:)
when you smile i melt inside (:
Female athletes are more susceptible to injury, so it is even more important you are eating properly and allowing time for rest & recovery
You honestly don't know how annoying you are. You take it too far and i want to punch you in the face.
Another day of what do they people have in common - Pat Benatar, Jim Croce and Rod Stewart...it's their birthday today. Happy Birthday!
Actually the team I picked last year, made it to the finals. Plus I supported them the whole season.
Meanwhile am in mideast. Can barely get on internet. Who needs haterade when you've got good old fashioned regular hate?
#LAStageTalks Steven, yes. Working within a discipline make a difference when writing about it. So helpful.
Did Gen. Winfield Scott ever look young? Not in 1812 and not in 1861.
Cuz I only talk to people if all of their tweets are in english.
Talked to a mom, she got #GirlsNightLIVE tickets for her Daughter for Valentine's Day! Great way to show a friend or family U love them!!
good night
RT : iQ releases frictionless sharing: Instantly notifies user network about actions (reading, watching, listening, etc.)
You better be ok, Brownie.
I hate these situations 😁
omg we better dance a lot!! Haha I want us to dance all Mexican and stuff hahaha
radio your waves at www.aaron.tv
I'm signing up for Cuz I don't waste enough time in a day already.
Birds were flying all around me at the beach, it felt odd. I must smell like bread crumbs. :)
Time feels like it is DRAGGING today. Maybe it's because I never had coffee.
RT : my #Twitter is lookin real corny rite about now
I'm with you, really want them around. Plus QPR going down on that Aguero goal would have been a fun bonus.
Been so sick today..hope I get better by tomorrow! Script reading tomorrow afternoon!
If the double firing is Lisa & Aubrey let me know so I can watch the show again!
If you've ever been on the losing side of a 5-0 game the last thing you want to see is showing-off after a crap goal.
Tonight I wanna cry
ok call me when you get a minute.
I have hardcore strep throat. It better go away by Wednesday so I can see
If loving you burned calories, I'd be a supermodel.
. pushed the Little Engine That Could up the mountain.
Gonna be productive and start homework right now because I have nothing to do on this beautiful day.
I want you to want me
Wearing fake Hermes belts sagging your jeans they ain't real
We are having a and Sale! 40% OFF!
can't! in studio producing Club Kane til midnight! i'll sleep AFTER the morning show tomorrow.
I was the one who let the dogs out. And I'm proud of it, dang it!
Touchdown Pittsburgh
Catching up on American Idol...DVR'ed it. Don't know if I'm feeling Aaron Neville Jr...
I'd better be on the list.
That's what you have tumblr/twitter for! RT See, I can't fangirl on Facebook cause like 60% of my friends are family so.
what is kissing? think about it.
We can call you on her house phone!
RT : #WhyILoveMuseums it's a way to see the world through someone else's eyes.
I wish we could have 24/7 Bryz and end-of-the-season Bryz at the same time.
hows life?(: follow me pretty please?(:
They ain't complete but I'm getting em there. That's all thats missing.
Thanks man!
#BoyzAreBack ohh boy.tomorrow is gonna be emotional as HELL.
Linnton resident reminds us about the potential 4 a large earthquake. Asks that emergency mgmt be elevated in plan. Says watch 11th Hou
Catch my feelings bitch
RT : - Nuggethead would make a great Pez dispenser. < Now we're talking!
f u
Gtg bye;( see yhall in the morning!!!
And there go the car alarms. That shook the windows.
A #WWII film this Saturday: Terrence Malick's adaptation of James Jones' THE THIN RED LINE. Starts at 1PM, free with Library admission!
Yawn~stretch~blurry eyes~foggy brain. Coffee...my kingdom for a hot steamy cup of coffee. There are still so many words to go...
Thanks much. I'm up for suggestions if there's anything in particularly you'd like me to write about.
lmao!! I know that feeling all too well ;)
Those stupid holes that randomly spear in your clothes.-__________-
Speaking from the heart. :)
Hello! TGIF Let's see what this day will bring? I think it will be fun.
i have to wait twelve minutes for my potato skins to cook :(
Groceries! Best day :)
Thanks for playing our tune "Pins and Nails" on your show!!!
I like the second one
My life is just beginning, but I have no path to take.
"A prayer is not a plan. Each has their place, but don't confuse the two."
Yay! Glad YOU'RE here! RT : Hey Cleveland, what's up?! Great to be here!
#48-Champ Bailey-CB-Denver Broncos
Oh wow. Probably more than I'd want to do for a game. Lol
that is awesome to hear! Congrats!
Didn't the last game start w/ a Thornton 3??
BibleFax: Gospels were written by writers skilled n Greek composition, not by disciples, who were Aramaic-speaking, & probably illiterate.
Skipping the burbs today. I wish everyday was a skipping the burbs kind of day.
“: #InstantTurnOn Lacrosse/ Soccer boys” <<<--- Your #InstantTurnOn Trends Are VERY Disappointing.
Dooley is in Gibbs right now
i am going to make shoes out of duct tape and wear them everywhere until my parents change their mind and buy me some real working shoes.
no, dm it to me.
I hate when people use subliminal messages in they tracks....if u got something to say to some one just say it straight up
thats my boy
sitting at my house hbu
yo whats the link to that video we watched at the Studio?
Out to eat with my favorite guys in the whole world <3
The poo-flinging monkeys in the house are at it again. Now the pink eye has spread to the other eye. Crap.
Thanks for the follow! Speak to you soon.
I truly don't understand how intelligent people ride metra regularly: they're a textbook example of inefficiency in so many ways.
i have the sudden urge to watch all of the lord of the rings movies.
Session 1 - Life Narrative - What is a fact? Theorizing and representing biography.
I want to put a quote from a song on my wall and I wanted to ask you guys for suggestions. What quotnO6VyY
grinding! What's going on with you?
i never thought id find someone to be mine, lord knows i was right - cos u jus crossed the line
Lionel Richie Makes Music History With Tuskegee
lmao sissy u funny. But this movie is hilarious
I think I might be the queen of overthinking things
has the most beautiful mind I've ever known.
More cooks = less cooking.
RT : Yo - come give the a wave after May 5th game || : I'll do it... looking forward to it
#TexasFilmHallOfFameAwards a night to remember.
Looks like a Tuesday Night home game for the vs the #Clippers or
Omg my brother drives slow
HB 1075 would effectively reinstate Arveschoug-Bird formula, which was on books from 1991-2009. Ample evidence it’s bad policy.
lol not gonna lie I sat front row and tried to reach out to the screen
I am a registered voter, and very proud of that. Pro-equality, progressive, and proactive.
Will I even be friends with the same people this time next year?
superluv is my fave song, my summer song is Summertime by Fresh Prince and DJ Jazzy Jeff
WEATHER BLOG: Thunderstorms? « CBS Baltimore
Got that BLUE DREAM on deck, put your order in. going fast. Be out by too night.. Off today making rounds.
Where is President's leadership? Libya? High oil prices and foreign depedence? Hige deficits? Inflated dollar? Porous borders? No jobs?
Hearing about the multisensory transmedia campaign for GoT. Smell "the crypt!"
I just saw Will Ferrell biking down Water St in the 3rd Ward. Why'd he be here?
It's hard when you're doing CC-licensed stuff.
Abandons...I like to say liberates!
What time does the debate start?
Smoking or Non smoking
ah I get it she's the girl on fire an they're using it for their enjoyment haha
#PRDLA Singapore Nat. U's Yap on using social media in the libs - e.g., reading student tweets on how they plan to break library rules.
I just like saying it. Hot spacho!!! RT : Retweet if you love the hot spacho
Before everyone forms a line to suck Lester's dick let's all realize he just beat the #Mariners . They are 16-21, #RedSox are 16-19.
Thankfully my brother kept his playstation 2 #ps2 I am being able to enjoy #final #fantasy #ff10 as well :D
Well, this explains a lot of the awkwardness in my day. RT it's "Hug a Newscaster Day"...that's both exciting and terrifying.
is at work and ready for the New Year...2010...Twenty Ten!
Almost time. RT : Bush was awesome but I'm so ready for u Nickelback cmon
yo are you still followin people or am i late
More details regarding .NET positions left you in Meetup message)
#TaughtsAtWalmart now you know they got food stamps stepping out the house at 2pm with holes in they pj's & hair nappy buying shrimp haha
I should probably straighten my hair so it won't be such a bitch to do in the morning.
KeyKEY Was Here #Follow Me At BossyAssKELO
Really need this skin to get crispy. Come on piggy, piggy, piggy!
Tried to add something to a shopping cart 3 times and the site "deleted" it from the cart. I guess they don't want my business.
Hump day over
Big shout out to my big bro Wayne Brady who KILLED The View this morn. If you have kids pick up his new CD "Radio Wayne" out today.
Trying to figure out how nicki minaj's Roman Reloaded is the #1 hiphop album...
bang bang
Living Life Fast Aint No Stopping For Them Red Lights Money Coming In Young Niggas Get They Bread Right
any day now.
Iran Nuclear Weapons: Israel General Claims Ayatollah&#39;s Are &#39;Rational&#39; - Are They?
Happy mothers day to all good mother's ! tell your mom's I said HAPPY MOTHERS DAY & thanks for raising wonderful boys ! ( :
Did u know excessive tension on the hair can lead 2 to traction alopecia. It is among African-American women & children
“Somewhere over the rainbow, skies are blue, and the dreams that you dare to dream really do come true”
Miracle on 34th street on NBC RIP Natalie Wood
The JLo commercial inspires me to vomit and never buy a Fiat!
If I die young, please don't dedicate a mile of 495 South in my memory. I WON'T appreciate it.
Me: "I'm going out drinking at Port Discovery." My wife: "Good. Good luck not getting beat up." Thanks?
That awkward moment when you walk through the metal detectors at the airport and your abs of steel set them off.
There's photoshop, auto tune, & plastic surgery. Too bad there's nothing for your ugly personality.
madonna is doing better than I thought she would. cool show...
that flick is so kick ass! Love it more than I love murdering yuppies!
One more thing before I get some shut eye My sis tiara dude "Danny noble" frm the Toledo rockets signed with the Tampa bay bucks S/O to him
Thats right.If they close it out i'll eat crow RT : that's including you! You basically gave the #NJDevils NO chance!
WE CAN DO IT
Kevin James "Poor communities need government services more and more. 400,00 jobs have left LA County."
Public skating all day! Only $13 which includes skate rental. Bring the family and all those in laws staying with you. :)
One of the biggest in our history. Harsh luck thus far about England though
im gunna go soak up some vitamin d with
I was told has young nigga you can't fight learn if not shut the fuck up. I always been fight first shoot second.
Bww , watching the game
speaking to your other side: the Kardashians and Jersey Shore will soon be old news, doing good or giving will always prevail!
it's running every Sunday at noon fwiw, me & start headsup if we have to. I anticipate a decently full game Sunday.
how many pages of the kite runner do we have to read?
studying, cleaning, and listening to kevin hart.
woo! How exciting :) 👍
Kobe could've fouled with 3 seconds left but he was too busy bitchin'.
I really enjoyed lunching with you two ladies. Hope we can do it again sometime!
One of my daughters' middle names will be Latrice, my former middle name.
Defense, you think? Who shud be there?
such a gorgeous pic!!
I like who I am when I'm witchu.
Watching a storm with svr wx potential for the Midwest come Friday and Saturday. Looks to slip south of WI at this point.
Upgraded my iPhone. Woahhh :)
Fabulous! Great to hear.
Bloging... Its amazing what your fingers type when you let jesus do the talking
Jamie, you are a goddess!
ur beautiful, never forget it!
not that i dont adore you.. but i already got tickets to that show... im getting the feeling like i hve said to much..lol
Its Birthday and stood up all night just to wish tou a happy birthday as early as can be love yah MadBoy ♥
Hey there swags...def going in on a live drum recording today...release the mics!!!!
money is gonna et u a plae to stay keep food in ur mouth ect ect it will never let u dwn if u dn know that then idk
Yes there will be a tweetbook! Just starting to work on it now!
Strangers in the Night Flight
Cross dressing cooking show vies for $10K prize
Aw.. I remember those days! It was so hard to get sleep!!! God bless you! Hang in there! :)
Poolside in #Cleveland- needs to be apart of my summer routine- daily
#Milwaukee #wedding vendors: Tell us about your ideal client!
crappy mood:/
#PrizesOnTheHoodPriceIsRight a get out of claiming your kid card. Oh wait... Mission Accomplished. :-)
Had a super fun day:) an even better night is on its way:)
one day to go until the end of the baseball season. Seems like we just finished our draft. Rockers have a 6.5 point lead on the Dudes.
thanks for the follow, Denise !
RT Sunrise, Durango, Sobb and Spring Mt came to represent party. Greyhounds on me
Bomb threat reported at carnegie mellon
Greater Reading . . . where saying "I'm having the Dutch Platter" meets with understanding and a smile.
I didn't forget
Personally I suspect Phil will win & he will go the way of Kris Allen & Lee DeWyze. Almost seems like NOT winning is better now!
I did last night :( RT : did it snow in wausau. hope not. cold damp day here. pretty miserable
woaah, i did not just call him my boyfriend -__- lol
RT : Were in NYC this whole week. If your in the area and want to build with us! Get at
I got my belly button done today!:)
Kevin Plank makes alot more than 500k and he has created a few jobs in the last few years. Especially in this town.
X followers 2X following 4X tweets. Always been like this on #twitter for me.
Ah i'm sick too.
I washed my truck yesterday so for the next few days, 504lady will drive around puddles on the road. #jussayin you have been warned. LOL
#girlbyenotwiththem tarnished ass wanna be Tiffany bracelets
Where is my fiancé ???
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone! Sorry it's two days late!
how much would the #Packers save in cap room if Hawk was released?
wow, thats a new all-time low for that place...keys-n-hand!?
Filling in my movie gaps with Renoir's THE RULES OF THE GAME.
I was seriously thinking that ! ": I'm suprised Nicks favorite basketball team isn't the Nuggets."
w.e
Sending a special thank you to all the #MADMEN fans that came out to the Season 5 Premiere Watch Party What a good time!
"Expiring for love is beautiful but stupid."
if by chance there are any unsold tix for Thursdays 8- and/or 10 shows.... Dibs :)
Today was full but awesome! Hosted a ton of family in our new home and it was not cramped! Lovely afternoon!
kyle busch won the pure michigan 400 at michigan
Anyone out there having problems with Verizon Wireless air cards?
i want mac&cheese </3
I'm posting that everywhere. Holy hell.
Congrats for signing on to direct the Lifetime Steel Magnolis remake! Look forward to learning more about it! Great move!
Feels good to be back in KC
Follow my crew Be on the lookout for big things. Trust me.
you better!
is there a adapter needed to plug in the car and recharge?
great! let's meet at the registration table after break out sessions
Woo JLS was Amazing! :') <3waaaahh we were so close!!!!!
so bord we love you lul wayne
Obama ain't got the guts you fat fuck. I thought you leftists like truth to power. He was just telling the truth. Obama sucks.
Yes. This. RT I miss
No one is EVER higher than Tim Lincecum. Oh wait, you said "ranked higher." Sorry, my mistake.
Drums are tracked, 2 songs are tracked for bass.
I been having money most of my life. So to have it now ain't gone change who i am. I ain't gone never forget where i came from!
I think Omnipage will deskew based on analysis of text and let's you save the image. Can check this if you like. Have a copy here.
that sounds perfect !
NP u don't know me - TI
RT : It’s official! Lifetime’s hottest new show #TheClientList starring was renewed for a 2nd season!
I'm being interviewed about the on on Feb 21st. So be sure to set your DVRs!
Why is Pepsi on my "Who to follow" list. Fuck Pepsi. Coca-Cola~~
I Just rented friends with benefits on iTunes for my iPod & it's taking long!! I don't have patience but oh well I have to wait
"Teach my soul to rise to u, when temptation comes my way.And when I cannot stand ill fall on you,Jesus ur my help&stay. Lord how I need u."
RT : RIAA's Mitch Glazier: We cherish our relationships with you & we know in this room sits the future of the music industry.
no reason to. The skeleton is out...#romney should remain focus on the economy.
yeah that's how it is!
Acceptance with one's peers often becomes a more powerful incentive than orthodoxy. (Sam Storms)
Thought the wind would blow my car off the road on the way home tonight.
#3WordsForYou I'm not her
Thx 4 Fllwg All bst FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
The containers we use are 100% recyclable. The Earth matters to us, and we know it matters to you!!
craig's quote of the day: "I should just start wearing a camera on my head."
According to , 52 desk appearance tkts and 34 held for arraignment (disorderly conduct to assault on an officer)
All you have to do is stand still and look stupid
Addiction is a horrible habit... I see it all the time! I talked to one of my little brothers yesterday... the most loving person out there!
As long as it takes!! RT Wondering how much longer can I hold on....
I think our government is secretly behind all these conspiracy theories.
Thanks Ben! We are very pleased!
thanks for the follow. Appreciate it. =)
Sure. Really good place, especially for Riverdale, which was destitute of fun restaurants.
i turn 18 tomorrow.....I will finally be legal and not called a "baby" by my college classmates. YES
excited to post the street t-shirt photos sent in from in NYC! check in later at www.niceshirtamerica.com. Thanks beth!
I hate when nightmares have me scared to go back to sleep!
LOL..luckily you guys were dressed for it!
Will U.S. continue to kowtow to Movement Conservatives or will we follow example of Iranian people and stand up for our rights?
You REALLY get to know how inefficiently you write when you have to write short captions for an exhibit. This tweet for example...
We're stoked for December!!
why wasn't i born with green eyes like my mom
it's called sticking up for myself. idgaf about you or what you do. Keep my name out your mouth and I'll do the same.
Make sense. The MS rep said it was a starting point for new techies & a way HR filters candidates.
you can't put chemicals on your hair crazy not now
Chilling in Bronx Park East
They usually have a list of the "public" parties on BEA site and in the Show Daily. Welcome to the chaos... :)
i hope going to touring gone help me pass these exams!
If Louisiana can reelect David Vitter to senate, why can't West Virginia give some delegates to an inmate?
C Yu live in Dallas Yu were okay today
The question isn't who will win #TheVoice tonight. The question is what's in that cup is drinking out of?
Out for pizza with oldest son Elijah dat dude me banging.
who were named defensive captains? (Assume Jake joins Chad)
New Followers: Check Out #TheSportingPost Blog, preview to be written for RSL game this weekend, and follow me
Did you know that the Redskins are changing their name because it's offensive? Their new name: Washingon REXskins!
Bored:P just sittin at a car show until 11pm cus my dads car is in the car show -_-
It's another day in paradise.
18 papers graded in 3 hours; 10 minutes per paper. Not too shabby and only 10 to grade by 11 am tomorrow. Off to VB game.
yes yes yes. We must. We must tal about how smart and awesome your kids will be and how mine will look like Tom Hiddleston
Just updated both my Macs to 8gb ram and OSX Lion (finally)
Hye soryy, I was organizing my notes for finals
If u can follow me on twitter, retweet my tweets, @ me! But cnt speak in person! Just dnt follow me at all!
Be back later! I have a National Honor Society ceremony in a bit :D
I LIKE IT LIKE THAT.
nice to meet y'all in real life. Restless Wind is our new favorite bar
At the soccer game. Afraid I'm gonna fall back off the hill 😄
beer Olympics.
I was just being silly today. lol
nice rhyme unc
They were talking about Demi's tweet on the news n_n
I need some to text.
HGD lol and OMM bro RT : Wen its ur birthday everybody be nice as hell like u dont be on they TL any other day
Man this joint burns a lot of gas!
I've felt awful all day...should really be in bed, and I stayed up for that, and now feel worse.
It's official folk - Season 4 launches WEDNESDAY!!!!
23. What you think and what you feel and what actually manifests is ALWAYS a match - no exception.
You should follow me ;D
Good Sunday morning. We are OPEN & ready to serve you. Dbl Punch Drink of the day: Honey Bunch Latte! Remember, everything is on SALE!
Htown w. D fam when I get off work.....
my work/biz and my teaching (I teach social media and strategic communication design too)
Theon couldn't even get a clean decapitation...
wow that sounds great!
seems kinda harsh..
today is a good day! tonite even better!!
In his horrible Yankee way.
🐷🐷 time for us to get some cheese cake!!!!!!! #piggiestatus 😝😍
My website is on strike today. Go to www.wrightmusic.com for info!!!!
Sitting in the Delegate Forum with & So great to meet up with friends!
People judge you by the friends you keep, not by the ones you lost.
We're all voiceless. The government does not listen to the people. We're all powerless. The government does not believe in us.
Out of dance finallyy :)
the straight up actual Twitter for iPhone, that's wuzzup. Probs not going to thon :(
Yovanni, the headcase, is back. How did I know that was going to happen?
If you really want to do something, you'll find a way. If you don't, you'll find an excuse. ~Jim Rohn
it's ok bro!! Best regards for you! Your next
Always. You need some?
I still considered you one of the most underrated rapper of all time ! Not a lot of people know of you and I find that crazy !
Rooting for in #PGA today; Red Sox tonight.
Leaving Justin for anyone is a down grade. Sorry..but it is.. You can't get any better then Justin Drew Bieber.
Awesome Lunch Today! Almost Happy Hour Time and Still time to get Our Awesome Tuesdays Tacos, Nacho and Chatitos!! Karaoke After!!
I hate going to phone stores. All the employees are on their phones and they don't pay attention to me
Im goin H.A.M which can only mean one thing
anyone going to #SCBWI in LA?
tell Omar what up
“: Gandhi says he won't dignify Catania's comments with a response. In PR battle, Gandhi wins.” but Catania speaks for the peps
don't put #Baeza more than once in a tweet so it doesn't count as spam !
100%. He's addicted to bunting. #buntingjunkie RT How much of the #brewers offensive struggles can you pin on #R??
haha the mohawk guy is definitely high up there for me too. Hot body.
fucking love old eddie murphy flicks!
dude you are paying them. they should be scared of you. if you dont like how they treat you find someone else! :)
LA supporters of Mexico pres leftist candidate Lopez Obrador are on 690AM radio now.
lol I just googled them and I found it :)
Might as well share, might as while smile, life goes on for a little bitty while
You know who probably has the biggest grin on his face right about now? Derek Fisher.
RETWEET There's still time to get down here we march at 4pm
Jermaine O'Neal's contract (23M) is higher than his SHOOTING PERCENTAGE (20.4) for the series! That's not easy to do...
Funny too, that we associate noodles with Italy and rice with Japan.
are you on crack?
We talked about you...and your ability to walk and chew gum at the same time.
you've got the looks I've got the camera. Lets find a MU artist & make it happen
nice. We went to Anderson for a while and then accident on the turnpike but all good now
Switching from the #WVU game to the #Cavs game!! Damn you Ohio!
If you don't get everything you want, think of the things you don't get that you don't want. ~Oscar Wilde
They're all great. San Diego would be lucky to have any of them as mayor #sdmayor12RT : Who should I root for?
Good morning, Cynthia? What did you have for breakfast? :-)
spending my time on the right things with the right people.
Can't argue with you there. Not making excused for him but he spent alot of energy covering Kobe. Still he did not come thru on O
RT It's here!! #Liberty555 wait to hear about all the awesome stories that come from this wkd {ditto! BRINGIT!
lol, I watched the 1st 7 seasons a year ago i probably woulda forgot if i watched in 2004
Site just went down...I knew it was too good to be true! We'll be up again soon. Problems with the dedicated IP for our SSL - UGHH!!!
Ha! RT : Admit it, At least once in your life, You have tried to balance the light switch in between the on and off position.
Man I'm only half memorized and I perform thursday
Hope had a wonderful birthday 😊😁😜
I haven't been to Red hook in a while. Had a great meal across from the Ikea.
RT The hipster who lives above my restaurant is playing " imagine" on his his didgeridoo......
Look not lol.
Is their offense really good or is our defense just that bad?
nevermind just getting it on the green. But within 8 feet of the cup?
Come for #dinner- located in lobby of the - RT : Dover Sole on special tonight! One of my very favorites....
One day, Newt Gingrich is going to expand with self-importance like Violet Beauregard.
What a Great Thanksgiving Week!!! We are Very Thankful for Everyone's support!!! Thank you!!!
Thanks for retweeting
How do you edit a video on IPhone 4s? I need to shorten it but idk how!?
AWESOME! And good 'cuz I'm gonna hold you to it...you BETTA come...or I'm gonna go all kung-fu ninja on your ass!
Howdy and thanks for the follow. :)
i should get off twitter now :'} but im gonna miss my boy fried tyler posey :{ dam randy!
I'm always fascinated by the sound of music shows on TV. Usually, my bet is they sound better to the live audience.
I wouldn't miss that trip for the world! #gettinhitchedbyelvis :D
Waiting for interview. Nervous as all get out.
No rehearsal tonight after all. Gonna have time to watch some Hopefully there'll be some good performances.
headed out to San Tan Wheelie Jam! Chip and Alicia, you there?
Can't stay awake through a movie anymore, I'm starting to feel like my dad
Julio Jones is the best WR in the NFL.
did you put an airplane there byy his name because you think he is FLY?
Mama is proud
Skrillex never ceases to stop my head from nodding when I put his music on. Great stuff!
HAPPY GREEN DAY
great weekend locos until next time!
exploiting a meme to get people to buy pistachios...why not?
My thermos is too good at what it does - I am still burning my tongue, hours after the tea was made.
Go follow for amazing quotes :D
Cleo and Mika are black showoff brainiac cats.
My goal for this summer is to go to all the shows I can I'm having withdrawals..
haha, austin is always waking up at 1 pm :D
did i win?
Watermelon sounds very refreshing! And since it is National Watermelon Day it seems especially appropriate! Yumm!
#poppinoff...best party on a Thursday night...period!!
My boyfriend is gonna buy me a microwave cause I'm too poor to buy my own. Yay!!!
guess what i am NOT doing? watching football
Done! Happy Birthday Julie! Hope you have a great day (and it's Friday, so an even better night!)
Raiders try to get a leg up on the competition
The best part about Europe is _____________.
wish I could argue. Cubs,sox,hawks,bulls....fols
100 years ago today, the #Titanic hit an iceberg and sunk... still hard to think about.
Oh good! Bought Rings of Saturn in a fit of optimism, in the early days of Austerlitz. Will read it now.
Great picture :) Happy birthday to him! Hope you all have a fun day.
Helped older woman w/ boot and cane onto curb. She says, "This fucking shit is pissing me off."
I hate myself for letting you slip away again:(
The #1 way you can improve as a coach is to"Reward Desired Effort - relentlessly! You get what you reward!" -
I love u and miss you too!!! Im sorry that im out of town this weekend but I promise ill make it up to you!!! #loveyoulots!
Listening to Kings of Leon new CD. Wow, nothing out is better.
RT : #cybermonday = install the pungle.me app and get shopping! Retweet for
Please be patient with us as we try to resolve everybody's issues regarding line ups for the Cru De Gra event.
We'd prefer to think of it as a romantic comedy!
Thanks for the RT today & happy holidays
via many people, the gallery of photos is really marvelous. (With surprise guest star, Edgar Allen Poe.)
well that crazy eye picture might give me nightmares
Just landed in Geneva. Switzerland waddup? Beautiful weather, awesome land. Counting my blessings!
"Let's squirt these people."
Oh no! I'm so paranoid now that I chase wasps away from the outside of the house all summer long every year. Never again.
its dope man
Q6 Good question! I do this subjectively and casually on my Goodreads reviews. Would like to know of a more objective system.
Must say, I love me some Arizona St Sun (She)-Devils
is that the long version of "duh"?
sweet almost done wit it I figured what was wrong with them joints.. They were too loud man I turned em down..
When even the "tick" of the clock is more annoying than usual<<<
": "A person without a sense of humor is like a wagon without springs. It's jolted by every pebble on the road." H. W. Beecher"
Often imitated, never surpassed. Thanks for making Wild Thursdays the HOTTEST Thursday nite!
no haha it's better that way
MT “ Can you get a stain out of my pants if I washed them already?” Depends on stain. Bring pants in. #Free if stain stays.
OMG awesome!!!!
gdmorning I'm fine how r u lady?
“: Walmart has championship belts on sale by all the packer stuff lol” bye me one!
Slightly less evil (20 minutes in) landlord trying to force tenant to sign new lease (in the middle of the old one) forcing T to declaw cat.
Miss c'ing you in the morning girl! ♥ KU, saw him 12 times last year and finally got to meet him in Milwaukee. Dream come true.
How is there not a cable network that just plays Casablanca and The Royal Tenenbaums on a loop yet?
Tweeting with fans. Literally.
Mccallie 6 Charlotte Catholic 4. Fourth quarter about to start.
Going to watch Phoenix Coyotes beat Calgary Flames. Go Coyotes!!!
New method on filling out my bracket this year. Doing it on April 5th.
Dinner would have been nothing w/out the awesome brews to back it up!
Hanging - psyched to hear about the value of the
he just legit asked me if I was a vampire....wtf??
Nothing brings out some guys' sudden interest in "women's rights" and safety quite the way prostitution and sex work do, huh amazing
Daddy day at the zoo! HAHAHAHAHAHA left babies &al!
Adidas athletes dropping hard like my rhymes! Watch out for my mixtape #RigSoHard!
Got my ps3 back, come @ me with Skullgirls dawg
If you're giving a pet away (esp. on craigslist), it just doesn't seem right to charge a "re-homing fee". Call it what it is: selling.
getting back to django - playing with template technology for an upcoming project.
First day of shooting the dramatic short "Mirage" in the desert today.
ATT U-Verse down at home; up with public library wifi
Just finished a bottle of Alleycat...it SUCKED! Review to be posted shortly.
At the celebration
Love to Bill Cosby need his help.
Umm...you so better come see me before you go!
i love it!! haha and yeah i did(:
can't wait to hear what you did to that track...
Guitar Player Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
Starting tomorrow, I'm going to start up the count down until school is over for me!
Hi - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too! I really like your blog, great info & diverse!
Freezing tonight! Off to sleep.. sweet dreams xoxo
CNN needs to cover the real story here, which is me: Ol' Floppy Arms, Chicago's next Mayor! Write me in!
Yo If I Send U Some Of Our Shirts Will U Rock Them? Just Tryin To Get My Name Out..
I hate* smelling like Subway...
follow back ♥
Headshot Tip: Do not share your session with strangers booked at the same time. That's absolutely ridiculous...don't get suckered!
Instead of using itunes Radio, I downloaded the playlist from wmse.org and now it works fine. Thanks!
Awe that's cute
Shorty damn near mine without the whip and chain bet if I don't get the ass, I'mma get the brain 😌
she was AMAZING!!!
We'll probably be addressing that at the conclusion of Season 1. Our playoffs are on May 12th.
haha what a bitch
Whatevvvs, gonna attempt to get some sleep. Dueces ✌
Hey sweet baby birds whats goin down??? thanks for the follows great havin ya here!!! did ya COME to my party last night????
Teens Books Hangout New mysteries - new books for teens
Very welcome. Contact us @ & become part of our soon to release mobile guide app
Korean Mexican fusion craze works both ways. Many TexMex spots in #Seoul & even Starbucks has chicken burritos
“And in the end, it’s not the years in your life that count. It’s the life in your years.” – Abraham Lincoln
the Good, the Bad , the Ugly we will miss you all RIP
Grospellier Ends Mercier’s Reign Atop the Global Poker Index
Whatever the Heat wanted to win at Home anyway
Finally! A play in DC that is casting for a Chinese female actor - I'm so there!
I freaking love that song! :))
Fuck....every time Apple releases an OS X update my printer gets a cold....
#LMSunSIG faculty veering into using Camtasia. Prob with using a lot of disk space
Top Google AdWords Company offers PPC Management for 60 Days with No Obligation - PR Web (press release)
If it ain't Money I ain't n budging!
Thank you for the RT Canton!
Starting 3rd week of clean eating and a stepped up level of effort. Encouraged by visible changes.
Just got my copy of A Book Apart's "Responsive Web Design" by Great read so far!
Couldn't get a ticket...was a sold out show RT : Standin' in the rain... with his head hung low...
Calculator...Checkbook and Pen in hand...Must be BILL time =P
I'm not sure which day it was, but I know it went out. Last week I think via , but not from me.
Dear friends, has a problem with all things sparkly. Please let her know how wrong she is.
time to start planning my next vacation tattoo! ;)
what is your fee after the month trial?
My birthday is coming up… ;)
Also you're totally jinxing yourself.
Make it or Break it. was really good
STAMPED-N-FAMILY WILL BE AT THOWBACK TONIGHT 2 BRING IN THE NEWYEARS !!!!!!!!!! COME JOIN US ITS GOING 2 BE ONE U WONT FORGET !!!!!!!!!!!!
lol thanks :p I took an Advil I'm probably over reacting allergies cause idk what they feel like.
Ushers actually telling people to turn their cell phones off? And people actually listening? Hell yeah!
Two words: Red Scorpion. Four words: Joseph Zito's Red Scorpion.
i will be okay.
I become disintrested fast
Thinking to myself, hey isn't this easy.
#JRBourne on #Fringe tonight!! Heavy sigh...
Hey thanks, Casey! Best way to start our Monday. RT --- My windows are amazing
Laying down, twitter, drake = my life. (:
- you are landing and I take off in the morning to Detroit.
Wish I was at the #KentuckyDerby right now wearing a big hat & sipping a mint julep! (minus the horse poop) ha
Have you taken the Downtown Miami Interactive Walking Tour with complimentary food tastings ? www.miamiculturaltours.com
community is, collaboration does. Great soundbite!
Erie Island Downtown on E. 4th!
Congratulations. I suppose it makes sense. I'm a member of both institutions. When will members be notified?
Very interested to see who the #Steelers pick in the 1st round.
Hi there! Yes we play at Red Rock Saloon in Milwaukee and are back there on May 25th! Do you own The Rodeo?
I thought avocado was a fruit...
FRI @ THE SMILING MOOSE = LUNCH till 3pm, 1/2 OFF ALL CRAFT/MICRO BEER, $2 OFF ALL SLIDERS, $1 OFF ALL OTHER DRINKS From 5-7pm!
Like I said...TRAGEDY! Living a sans sugar life I thought my prayers were answered.
I'm thinking that some vodka tonics will supplement this weekend nicely.
It's getting late early out there these days
Sorry. There :)
I don't want to be reduced to Internet-shaming but I have been trying to get you to release a copy of my title for weeks.
"Sorry has been suspended"
so true. So many times we get caught up in the situation and THE solution.
Congratulation on your pilot getting an order. Still have the "Hold the roll..." shirt from FASTLANE.
have an audition for Yellowcard tomorrow!!! Awesome band, love them!
": long time no see fam" been grinding suga
RIP Steve Jobs. You changed the entire way by which we live.
looks awesome!
Why did I END the evening with an Awesomeness? I'd like yesterday to have been a little less epic at the moment....
RT : its going down 2mar nite game MIA vs Dallas #freefood and right after the game its a party
What's today's photo challenge? I will try and keep up now....promise.
thanks for the morning inspiration!
I think the other 6 days of the week are reserved for him ;)
Live streaming Libya revolt while researching American fashion design
Yeah white wrote meaning books refer to Blacks as Ni**a/Ni**er. World book dictionary says
jonathon joseph didn't deserve it
Okay. Still not believing this whole Kathryn McPhee as Broadway hopeful star thing.
I can agree, the depictions were the very things people think of us as it is and that is not the majority
": I love everything about you, except that you're not mine. #WS"
Is visiting at the while he rocks out the late night shift. How are you making an impact today?
My family is leaving for Mexico this weekend. I'm gonna be at my house by myself for a week. Is my mom crazy? I get scared at night okay
they picked your brain
I saw your mommy and your mommy was dead...
#3WordsForYou It's My Life
oh well..... I CHARGED MY PHONE....AND. ITS WORKING NOW. :)
Its time ta do it!
Turkey Hill gets in-game editorial love from Lieter & co. on YES Network. Bronx Bomber Sundae? Nick Swisher not available for alliteration?
We do indeed. ": Dear reporters covering protests in bulletproof vests: we all think you're goofy.".
I don't believe this one. #bull RT Hawaii moves toward Japan 4 inches every year.
I always feel like the bad give trying to be so protective
Hi Prenessa! Love your ambition! Keep it up and feel free to email me anytime. ~nc
"It always seems impossible until it's done." - Nelson Mandela
Great Taxi service in Baltimore. Yes it's possible. Lost items, comments. Follow me. MYTservice.com Improving taxi quality. 30692128 bbm pin
#3WordsOfAdvice Learn To Spell.
It's been a god weekend .
thank u my love you r a great girl too :) I have to study a little bit and I'll relax the rest of the day :D what did u do ?
shit lol im flat broke...shit i need a hustle
But, as soon as I say that...they run 3 off!! Nicely done!
Jam packed on the Tokyo subway this morning....What's that? This is the red line?
At least you didn't put coffee in your sugar.
thanks for the love! you kick some ass.
who you goin with?? I'll be stuck at work :-(
Happy Halloween!! What are you going to be? Post pix!!
Thomas Jackson (BusinessWorld2) thanks for the follow.
i wish taxes were a person so I could PUNCH them. hate numbers. blah.
Can't get over this glorious SF weather!
Have you bought anyone music lately?
cute hats are also an option.
Blame it on my ADD, baby.
Roomer has it that Miley is going to do a duet with shakira, what do you think? Can we count on that? She never did a duet with Justin.
hahahaha ok I think I mightve fell on mine too jk this is me xD hey I ddnt know be nice BB ;)
4 openings for junior-mid level capital markets #attorneys in #NY law firms; openings in HK and Beijing too.
My dad needs to stop power washing right now!!! I'm going crazy!!!!
yeah. Sunday?
Wally Pfister at #fallformal?! Just saw Moneyball today and can't wait for Dark Knight Rises!!
"His name is Mitt, he's used to catching a lot of balls...but god that guy is a tool" is too funny
Idk why all the excitement on Wall St. over the FB IPO delay
Who hasn't gotten a cd yet? DM us your address and we can deliver if you live in Vegas :]
On my take over the world mode.
Trying to update my version of #nodejs to the latest, and found that ./configure no longer works in
thank you for following back:]
Wow I can honestly say, with no doubt in my mind, that I hate my brother.
"The Lucky One" refers to those who don't see the movie, right?
no. Omg. Noo. Im straight.
or I'm not the problem because what we said or did makes logical sense-to us
ha your funny lol
I love coffee so much that I want my own plantation.
So mad about costumes..
How I see dogs: Beagle, German Shepherd, Poodle, Maltese, Labradore. - How I see cats: cat, cat, cat, cat, cat.
Watchen this Steve Harvey stand up
Think you can’t eat Mexican food and lose weight? Think again! Order the regular chicken taco salad, 414 cals and 245 grms of protein!
any recs for apps to read web server log files? I gots a bone to pick wit AdWords
Is it just me or is it freezing in here?
Big night of hoops for the state of
Oh you remember it. It's downright titillating.
10-year-old listening to dad's story of the olden days that began with "before there was Google": "Wait. You had TV but not the Internet?"
everyone is gonna see
Well that ruined my good day! Fucking pissed!
Crack is wack.
I thought you were buying it in a box! Not a restaurant lol. I'm dumb.
Black Swan is one of my favorite movies ever!
'sup nephew!!!
Happy 414 day MKE! Today the party is at Cans. PBR, music by Delta Routine, Hugh Bob -WhyB and on the decks
*raises hand* lol
now I want some oranges. lol happy weekend! :)
Hey Lisa!
Thanks for the mention!
Ok so first of course #JMU & #PR but then I see you're a #VB girl and a #Heels fan. I think we were meant to be friends...haha
Awesome NRS Pinning Ceremony. Outstanding guest speaker................she has motivated me 4 my last semester.
I <3 Heeju Han (I hope that's how u spell it)
Me trying to be incognito on twitter is really not going well ;) LOL
Co-worker and I are both rocking $20 frocks today and definitely the best-dressed. Love cheap and chic fashion!
“Now therefore ye are no more strangers and foreigners, but fellowcitizens with the saints, and of the household of God;” Ephesians 2:19
who finna hit u up
Missing the way things used to be..
Thanks so much for the +K. You're awesome!
Its almost been a month already ;/
Novice computers work with multiple challenges: poverty, disability, literacy. And they think the prob is them.
Big shout out to our new followers , and Getting us over the 250 Followers mark.
Super jealous of runners. My knees just won't let me do it! #Brooklyn1/2Marathon
new orleans, i'll see you soon. can't wait...
hey sexi. The defense caasted too much doubt. The state had a burden without a cause of death in a murder trial.
My coworkers are making fun of me.....:(
just beautiful this pic right here!!!!!
No problem! Glad you had a good time!
Free delivery from Typhoon with code NOV2011
Have you gone to PAUL? I miss that place. Best croissants.
Happy Monday!
saw the bleacherreport took down your offensive post about the Montana Little League team, but thought I'd warn you the word is out.
I've been trying to contact since I placed my order. it took forever to get a response, & now thy say it's too late to do anything.
thx i really want more followers
The $675 flight out of Raleigh (abt 90 min drive) - the cheapest - has two plane changes. Not going to do that!
Wow. RIP Junior Seau
check out surrender tonight it's a new Thursday It's fall time Free admission just use my name Travis Sosa at the guestlist
Heading off to set up for the San Francisco History Expo at the Mint. See you all there!
Is surround sounds to audio the equivalent of 3D to video?
We met with David Kirian & Steve Michna at "Think Office Interiors" yesterday. What a great show room they have, & how much better w/plants!
lmao "can you handle it " lmao hahaha you still sick bros lmao
shit they only weak if they ain't extra ordinary
Okay let me stop with the lunch tweets.
Deos any feel like they have created autonomy in their business? I have been on a 5 year journey and think I just jumped a big hurdle, me!
Hmm should I sleep?
We're playing a free show at IUPUI downtown on April 20th. be there ;D
You like Madison's food options, Brian?
Glad to hear it! Welcome aboard!
I did the right thing and voted against in the Madden '13 cover voting. Don't need any cover jinx ruining another SB run.
Thanks for the follows--who else in the Christianity & Lit field might be on Twitter? I can make a list for us.
1980s visual culture attacked- S Africa govt censors press– protest movement uses music instead
Gabe just ran over a flowerbed and wheel barrel with his jeep...and ima bad driver.
Library Time... motto of the week "C's get degrees"
Go to #BacchusMKE - A Restaurant! It's a great place for graduation dinner w/ your parents!
I shared your site w/my coach at No Excuses CrossFit. The custom option might be of interest to them.
I'd highly recommend Amazon Prime as a replacement. Selection not as good, but can pay for individual movies too.
No, but unfortunately the cashier would not see my point of view...
I am one of them but would take a Seahawks W over a contest anyday
id rather have sex with myself!
Work Hard Play Hard
excuse me sucka??!! I ain't thinkin n bout them jive turkeys. I'm listenin to my grooves, ready to cut a rug
Help reach the #Houston #theatre crowd. Please recommend twitter accounts we should keep up with!
Hearts change, I know they do. But a part of mine will always belong to you.
STAY FLY AND KEEP THEM GEARS TURNIN. YOU GOT THIS.
So uh, can I get a refund on my season tickets yet?
I feel your pain. More purple nurples to the rescue?
I laughed at this. then felt guilt. Then confusion. A range of emotions really. A rainbow if you will
congrats on the new gig!
RT No dreamer is ever too small; no dream is ever too big.
Thanks for the retweet!
Just cut my finger on a gum package. Later today I will petition to get a warning label placed on all gum packages.
Ha! RT : Wow. I'm getting whip-lash from the insta-spin on the jobs numbers report. Lies, damn lies...
If you get your finger caught in a door, it could take your finger off...
ME TOO lol
np our pleasure
A cucumber is 96% water and 4% cucumber.
Happy Valentines Day! Celebrate love today. Go and tell your friends and family that you love them.
yelp i just woke up so its gonna be a long night haha so time to jam out to some ac/dc and others and play battlefield 3
They ain't crazy they don't know how insanity feels
My attitude is so fucked up that why I'm staying to myself today 😏
I am there Mr Nupe
have your website updated...
lol oh well do that thenn I'm gonna just finish the project tomorrowww -.-?
RAIN PREDICTED 70% chance, c'mon Summer, we can't wait for ya! Mayeb next week for the
Chi-town Heat, here comes the stuff!
RIP taylor ull be missed.
LETS GO #BU. Final Four!!!
Friday, YOU are a giant glass of champagne to us today. Thank you for kicking Thursday's tequila to the curb :)
But will we? RT : The world dodged a second Depression by avoiding the mistakes that led to the first. There are more...
Temperatures already near 50. Expect to see them reach close to 60. Sunny skies will remain through tomorrow.
What are you doing up right now?
Save the date: June 28, 2011 at 12pm PST. Release of Vegan 101 Season 2 Ep. 1 starring Eric Roberts. Join the mailing list for info!
Best. Bathrooms. Ever.... Seriously.
I keep my trent hand strong
Seems to be good so far now. Trying to upload a video to vimeo now, I'll let you know if it doesn't hold up. Thanks :-)
I hate friigin Metro with a passion.. Just sayin.
Does any Sports Journalists or Fans want to discus the Biggest Stories Online?
I don't know...I'm kind of remembering the crumbly desserts fondly
I know you have to running that twitter bruh, lol
WTF is up wit #facebook, that timeline is some #twitter shit
So tired my bed looks so inviting... want to share with off ;p
Any artist interested in performing at da Sub t Sunday Send stage name to
mhm. Not seeing any. Just your cover photos etc ill check again lol
Live is like chess make the wrong move and game over
Tia's in now accepting applications for the 2011 season! Apply in person weekdays from 10 A.M to 4 P.M! Spread the word
My 3 year old has a better swing than Mike Hessman, why am I still watching this #Mets game
Jealous. I need a date with RT ": Grinding at with and the fam. Amazing food"
What does everyone think about 's new single Give Your Heart A Break and the new lyric video?
#YouKnowBritneysALegend when she has no promotion and still slays your fav thats jizzing promotion for themselves!
Fun seeing #CarrotTop w/ my brother! Creative, imaginative, funny throughout-Good show Good rec &
are you starting a company??
we just waiting for them diablo servers
you're killing me with the Spanish, si, mucho trabajar! :)
New Plectrum Ent. website launched today! We are looking for new talent to add to our lineup from the New England area!
Archbishop Dolan named Cardinal.
If you watchd the show b4, WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOIN IN THEY HOUSE
... I wouldn't text me back either! Goodnight
and what do you think our customers would say?
never ever ever. :)
Dear man running down the desert I-10 high way waving the American flag: you are the reason I love this country.
Right back atcha! Thanks! RT : TGIF to all "active"
Did you know? The “Resident Evil Archives: Umbrella's Virus Uncovered” is a reference guide written by staff members of Capcom.
Getting out of school at 10:45>>>
LOL Durable Goods lowest in 3 years, Greece going under, housing prices plummet and the Dow soars higher. WTF! Talk about a lottery sucker
love the packaging. that's a good sign!
the avengers is the coolest movie ever...
Seconded. RT : D.V. by Diana Vreeland. Her memoir. It's utterly ridiculous and joyful.
Anyone have 2 Jeremy Camp tickets? This is for the #Abq show at Copperpoint church. Show is tonight.
Congratulations on an amazing campaign, looking forward to 's bright future!
Thank you for covering the remarkable transformation of the , our city's new hub for creativity and innovation!
#advcon Unlawful steering: "steering" a student to/form course premised on discrimination on race/gender/religion/etc
Would you be willing to read something I already posted?
Do you want to following a buying market or someone who is selling the samething you are selling !
What a great memory you have! She designed the purse 2 weeks ago & picked it up Tues. & loves it. (Oh, & belated happy b'day!)
Enjoy the show! We have heard such great things about this production!!!
It's POPSCENE vs VAMPIRE WEEKEND tonight! Guest DJ set from of VW + resident DJs and 10pm-2am!
Uh yeah...they just swept the
wont let me dm you but my goals are 2 go as far as God has planned for me and maybe even go farther than that and suprise him
I totally understand. I've been doing more biz lunches/networking coffees lately, but I'm try to cut down cc:
Imagination rules the world.
waiting for my lady friend to arrive so we can go get a bite to eat :)
Bake sale is a success right now so far
If I'm not friends with u when I'm sober I sure As hell won't be when I'm drunk.
you went school?
There have been worse days than today, but I can't point to them just off the top of my head.
Rain, rain, stay away...want to see #SportingKC play
I see Justin Jeffre when I go out more often than I see some of my own friends.
w.tncnews.com breaking news
Rolando's super tacos!
when do you come home?
LET'S GO BULLS!! STAYING ALIVE! LET'S BRING IT BACK TO CHI TOWN FOR GAME 7!!!
I love Ryan Braun.
you'll deal with it.
To err is human - and to blame it on a computer is even more so. Robert Orben
BEER BASH in Coronado this Saturday at 1:00 at McP's. All are invited. Event Instigators: &
Going by weight and face size, yes.
How do you vote *for* poop in your harbor???
Nick toon. And jeff fuller
I wish I wrote with my left hand.. haha
Well,it was a nice week and a half while it lasted..
I'll DM you right now, check it in a min.
Eating churros at La Churrerio on Mulberry St. Happy camper in NY!
Thank you for the RT and all you do for the #glutenfree community! The videos with Dr. G are the best!
what does the GOP need to know about that?
Quick fast in a hurry, squat bounce drop, dirty.
I taught in Cambodia, and Thailand. Teaching was terrific. Where did you teach? #EFL ,
I don't give a fuck, God sent me to piss the world off.
Changes long time coming. Less to do with FOX. More the natural & subtle adjustments necessary to bring #MMA into mainstream.
Felling like you r part of a family.. #bestfeelingever love my friend Joz & her beautiful kids, I even love her big, scary, black husband:)
its hot as hell in this house
sitting in the presenters lounge with Mr. Jefferson. NO RLY!
RT thanks for the #shoutout your the best!
there was a full alert at the fence when a stray dog approached. scraps came charging on 3 wheels. they respected the commitment.
A2: Don't think Eli was marketable nationally yet. Now stepping up with bro on sidelines - will be more recognizable
Sprained my ankle, because of my "hardcore makeout session" from yesterday. Lmfao, yes it indeed was intense. Like very much.
Kelly did a great job!!!
Happy New Years Eve everyone!!
Happy Birthday Bert!
If that ever happens to me, I'm sure you'll be that friend for me.
Ask for forgiveness not permission. But, this is a meaningless bromide you always forgive or never forgive.
Motörhead's "Ace of Spades" on piano in the #Lemmy documentary. Classic!
Commission takes ten minute break. Will resume line drawing at that time.
Bummer. Don't worry, I am sure its not to bad. Let me know if I can help.
why are u trying to be an asshole..good guys may win slowly but u will have real people who care in the LONG run #GOODgirl advice
Funny how you could hurt me every day and I'll still love you. Stupid or in love? i don't know.
I want some!
Heart tattoo?? Isn't it a lot easier and safer to get one on your arm or leg?
dm me your email....pass on a preview
Probably already been said, but finishedb
I would have loved to hear him speak! I am an avid reader...love literature, history, novels etc.
nope just putting the Benadryl gel on can't do the pills
I'm getting rid of all of my math requirements in one summer haha
Been wide awake since 4/: Blahh i hate not being able to sleep!
broke up with me for being too lusty, but my God, have you read that guy's poetry?
I'm sending good thoughts to you and your mom.
He said those were not tears....Kobe just had sweat in his eyes LMFAO
Any of my PR friends going to PRSA Digital Impact Conference 4/2-4/3 in NY? DM me if yes, would love to reconnect live
13 songs on my iPhone: We Found Love, Call Me Maybe, & the Country Strong soundtrack. sorry im not sorry
“: What advice do u have for an aspiring country artist like myself?” Someone once told me to move to Nashville. So glad I did=)
It was amazing. I had lunch AND dinner there yesterday. Roast pork for lunch then snapper with tomatoes/onions/capers...
How :p
Check out review of Harumi: almost vocal inflections of intricate participation...the violin as lieder singer...
"Don't worry, I learned how to make plenty of drinks at bartending school. Gin and... tonic? Do they mix?"- Moe
I've still got the box and recipt around here too so i'll find that if we can work something out.
OH for Grimy sake ima god for Grimy saker all i see is green im so close wit Mother Nature
Congratulations Abdullah ! doesn't feel like yesterday when you first started college and were my student ! Now I feel old :(
this Sunday at THE FARM// Short Fuse, These Streets Below, Beauty of The Beast, & Special Guests!
Great to see at #LIDigital. What a great turnout. Anyone I missed?
I have a Platinum at home and just bought the Office Pro for my office. Big fan.
Fanboy And Chum Chum!
my nigga reminds me of my niggas #VA 2 #PA. That commonwealth system breeds animals. KEEP GRINDING!!!
"I'm on this new diet. Well, I don't eat anything; and right before I feel like I'm going to faint, I eat a cube of cheese."
haha no sticker paper. yet. c:
haha I knew you'd love them but I had no idea how much!
Beach when? Saturday?
you can go Jamie...I'm Devs back up plan anyway.
The apartment search continues. dun dun dun... well on Monday... I need rest tomorrow.
Scott Miller & The Commonwealth, Reconstruction DAY 2: Soothing sounds of For Jack Tymon. May your heart be so pure. Can't quit this record!
Not having my phone means I don't see these as quickly :( #Meanie RT yer dead to me
Did you Peter Pan putt putt is byob. And the guy gave us a discount for showing up on our bikes!
hello! Nice username. Haha
s/o congrats on tm103 another album i can play thru
I LOVE YOU AND NEVER WANT TO LEAVE
When #squatting be sure to remain in control at all times. Don't bounce at the bottom. Push from your heels, head up, butt out.
Dude, are you coming to school.? We have to work in partners in math...
yes omg
Ah... finishing a big project: such a joy! I love the feeling of being giddy with exhaustion. :)
Beethoven play turing out well.
WHO REALLY OWNS YOUR LIFE? Your business or your boss? Take control of your life!! www.whoreallyownsyourlife/spl004
We should be growing together. Not growing apart.
There are great sources of protien other than just meat! Try beans, nuts, seeds, peas, tofu, and soy!
omgosh i jus almost killed Chris!!!! ):
Hahaha now that you mention it.......but I am more of a Birdwoman myself though I have to admit is mobetta.
Thanks for sharing our new podcast!!
#imagine *austin fell of the chair and you were standing over him* you: can you move ? austin: only my lips *he kisses you*
IEBC: K12 & #highered instructors find cross-sector conversation to be valuable professional development.
Plus the Bear
Visit #educationUSA at #AACRAO11 booth 112. Advisers from Poland, Nigeria & Russia.
You left caps lock on again.
Im Texas Trill :)
scorpions, eagles, boston, .38 special, phil collins, peter gabriel....stuff like that I like...
Safe travels! Was a real pleasure wking w/ you at last week!
Today, I am starting a 60-day challenge. But I'm not saying what for because I'm secretive, like .....something secretive
what?! Lol how?
Self pity is our worst enemy and if we yield to it, we can never do anything wise in the world. - Helen Keller
should "prank call me " baby (; lol , that would never happen .
I'm cool with that. Probably have to clear it with our defense though...
yeah the video mrs.right is pretty awesommmmeeee!!!!
I just RSVPed to the #SpaceGeeks tweetup. Wanna carpool?
that may definitely be one consequence.
Sometimes I just apply for jobs that'll never happen for me logically, because the universe loves a dare. And HR loves a laugh.
Talent alone cannot make a writer. There must be a man behind the book. Ralph Waldo Emerson
Wish I could watch Darjeeling Limited right now. So much beauty to inspire my slumbering thoughts.
look at you having more followers than following
#ivealwayswantedto think something into existence
#thetop5lieswomentell I usually don't do this..... Lmaooo
Jesus has paid the price in full at the cross, but we must count the cost to follow Him.
RT : WHOOT! WHOOT! Coalition of the Willing wins Best Short Film at SF Green Film Fest. Congratulations everyone!...
that would be pleasant.
Listen 2 drake this nigga nice he n my top 20 now
Hey, you! Are you in 3A? I'm in 3B.
“How To Rapid Prototype Multi-touch Applications” Amelia Campbell
hey goldie, what is a Papillon??
I agree! Just the situation on the whole is a lot of wasted energy.
Back online - that was a trying three days ...
:(((( soon!! Lol RT : This is when I wish I could drive so I could go visit !! :( and get some chinese
Mike piazza in the stands at the US game in Italy?
I hope this type of repair is temporary. PG&E is so enamored with "standards" I'm surprised this is allowed.
: Just stop.
Indeed, great job by the BCFD
I seriously thought Justin was up next so I began to tweet my freak out tweet that he was on but no.. He's not IS HE EVER GONNA PERFORM OR??
I understand. I was commenting on the irony. It's clear that the GOP is desperate. Obama is very popular w/the unwashed masses.
One month till awesome youth improv classes start @ Actors Comedy Studio. RT and spread the word
my words are beautiful and say that I'm the man. Lol
But you are not alone in this / And you are not alone in this
lol. Ya good times last night. Too bad they lost. It will be a fun season.
So I hear niggas was shakin that ass to 'Cake' in the club this wknd O.O
Just got a Kindle. Feedback for Seattle Times arriving before 6:00 AM don't look good. When does it arrive for others?
Agreed, expanded marketing push as well RT : A4 guessing we will see much wider range of products from both Nike and NewEra
but i agree needs of pw have been neglected
There is nothing like a good hand rolled cigar! Mellows you right out!
thanks G!!
Hey and You guys didn't say bye to me.. :/
Said like a true Jersey girl :)
#Connolly, The Gates of Hell Are About to Open-Want to Peek? Boy meets demons. Dandelion Wine on acid, but British & with physics. Hilarious
At home eating a tri tip sandwhich
Talking about getting state meeting representation on the #midwestchaptermla website. States, anything else you want from the chapter?
If tweeted me "I love you" my day would be made. Kthanksbye.
Everything good on this end!
Your rocking the 80's look?
Its going to be a wild party! Can't wait!
Although a Kentuckian, I really don't care about a sport controlled by wealthy interests that is a cornerstone of sporting elitism.
Today I'm going to ride bikes with , go to Svensk "Williamsburg", and check out Kaknästornet, the radio tower. Again, hurra!
#quickbooksonline is down again today, better start writing my hours down.
Im mad , Fortune would be coming out in a few days ! Now we have to wait ..
If last night's sox game was the world cup they would have played HR Derby after the 11th, right?
Aww, I'm so glad you like the journey journal! It was so nice meeting you too!
#DASER Rothenberg "those blue spoons were placed there by a male bowerbird, creating a bower, a structure to attract female bowerbirds."
Charles and shaq are hilarious!! <3 the halftime shows more then the playoff games!
Wishing I could love life right now like I used to
#10WaysToDie wake me up or take my food.
how's the weaning going? I had an idea for you that may or may not work. when you sit down to nurse bring a sippy w/ milk
Hi all, I am up before 7 am and everyone else in the house...what do I do now?
hey I am in that movie!!!!! Plz
I knew he'd come around. I have an extra #SoundersFC scarf - interested?
A-Rod and J-Roll?
Ugh, not John Harkes...how can you have such a classy Ian Darke together with the terrible Harkes?!?
"if Syracuse" is a trending topic today... please complete the sentence - If Syracuse......
Nothing against digital, but it's great to be shooting a movie with film.
Were you able to confirm that Austin date?
Wats cracking white boy!
He's good, isn't he? Check out and from House of Consignment on VH1 - check it out on eBay too!
Last night's 2-1 loss was the #SFGiants 14th game by that score, split evenly btwn wins & losses - most in #MLB for each.
Here's this: I owe 200 dollars and you need permission to give me a third ice? What do you mean she left? What land do I live in?
Dumanis says she'll fix the city schools in her first term.
#2010memories Facebook jumped the shark
iPhone blooper real...sorry for that quintuple send on HRH earlier. Dark banquet room, tech difficulties.
Awesome weekend
In life, what sometimes appears to be an end is really a new beginning. ~
#GamerPickupLines Will you be the Princess Peach to my Mario?
I am headed to tonight at 630 for their #hCGTriad kickoff event! I have already lost 15 lbs and LOVE my new bod! It's free! Go!
I need to figure out where n wat I'm guna do 4 my 30th Bday this yr gutta plan early so it's all da way turnt up
That probably sounded whiny but I don't care.
You turned me on to some great Tweeps today--thanks! And have a great weekend. Signed, Me & my biceps ;-)
Sarah is right! You look gorgeous!
I'd do anything for you..but you want something that Im not.
Life is great now that I have iTunes Match setup. All my music, on all my computers & devices, stored in the cloud!!
Congratulations to all those accepted and welcome to The Ohio State University College of Medicine!!!
can't wait to see you guys!
feel better
I'm getting a refund from WCG on Wed. A couple places didn't take AmEx.
“: #NW Robot Chicken” Too Funny ain't it.
I am sitting here listening to the song "Angel Flight" and crying like a baby
so I know it's not on a stick but the steak quesadilla is AMAZING!!! highly recommend they're by the IH tractors
Franchise Dealers you don't have to turn another prospective client away. Protect your assets with GoldStar GPS, Guided by Spireon.
Happy Mother's day to all the mother's out there!!! Prepping for a shoot with Photography on this gorgeous day.
I just did punk!
Great beginnings are not as important as the way one finishes. -Dr. James Dobson
Happy Thanksgiving to all of you from all of us at Rocktagon MMA / CageStars.
Thank you for joining us! Lets us know what you order.
The Grocery Gap reviews 130 studies on access barriers to healthy food. Relationship to health. PolicyLink. New: study in Philly.
In time, grasshopper.
howdy stranger....
Give me your heart, I promise I won't break it <3
*nods* Well into the night. Whether drunk or not.
See anyone wearing Charles River Apparel? We would love to see your photos. Send any pictures to or DM us.
Haha. This is the whole problem with LinkedIn. RT LinkedIn: Miss your old boss? Me: Is this a trick question?
haha! Poor him! I know how it feels I have all sisters. Lol I'm dying to know what happened to Shepard?!?!
P- Positive M- Mental A- Attitude
...crawl through fire to vote against is EZ. Are you willing to pay the gas prices to get you to the voting precinct?
I know right?!
hell yeah that motherfucker is gonna buy me a new car.
Why stop at women? Minorities too.
Ahh. A day off. Family time today.
Impromptu Events Decor... Where your dreams become a reality. Quality professional service at a smart price!!! 1(857)203-1690, call today.
I also like movies that are considered bizarre, languidly slow / "nothing happens", and very silly b movies
What I am going through right now applying for health insurance between ODS and shows how messed up and corrupt they are.
No human wisdom or understanding or plan can stand against the Lord
Only four more days to get your gift certificates and t-shirts for the pizza lover, who's on your holiday shopping list.
Have u ever holla @ a chick & she started acting all fly in the air funny thing im a pilot I normally decrease their cruising altitude
Cannot wait for Teen Wolf season 2! Too bad I leave for vacation the day before it airs...
I love this article. We actually puree veggies in our sauces for pasta and such. Lil man never knows :-)
First day of high school.(: Pretty good.
RT : I know, but why? I know, they have nothing better to do.... Right to Work Bill Protesters
It's freezing in this office today!! Why is the AC on so high it's not even that hot outside!! -_- lol
the official one is #isa3 it's flashing on the screen during breaks :)
he had some pretty nasty games at the start of the 2009-10 season. insane mix of size/bulk/athleticism/mobility
It's ridiculous how much professional athletes are getting paid these days.
I like david krejci a lot and now I want to really like 40 minutes of tim thomas...a lot.
Come to the D Note at 6 for our Auction for Action!!!
I remember when I had a Crush on Reyna in middle school lol
Are you out shopping looking for deals?
You can do it, Beth!
Of course! Always happy to help out with local events :) Especially when they're delicious!
- I assure you that DC is not handling this snow better then anyone, anywhere.
totally gonna be me
Separation of Church & State? Oops ah about that ...
*crosses fingers*
Kidney stones on Deadwood may be the most uncomfortable thing I have ever seen on television.
I need that Men In Black Memory Erasing gadget, cuz this is too stressful and hard to think about.
Haha my friends stole my phone xP
GREAT discussion today, everyone!
Curious about being Out & Abroad? Join us tomorrow night in the Batza Room from 7:00-8:30 for a presentation from Prisim and OIS!
I still don't understand how these women on Maury can be a "million percent sure" he's the father... And he's still not.
u go girl lol
I'm changing the way I look at things so the things I look at will change.. I refuse to be an old bitter woman!
Woo! Now hurry up & get Jumping Trains out, I need more song titles giirl! RT : love the article bestie! ;-)
Ok. Will do. Sorry mate.
love your voice! Keep it up :)
The Girl I Love She Got Long - Led Zeppelin
Keep up the good work and promo ladies :) I'll gladly keep in touch mwahh xoxoxoxo Mwahh! Thanks chica!!!
Thank you for inviting me to the play "Crazy is Love" last night. I had a great time and enjoyed meeting people.
Welcome to the iWorld.
A murder of crows! LMAO! These animal group names are funny.
NCA conference underway - great collection of technology companies and innovative solutions
I blogged about the food truck legislation today and would love to update with some local reaction to the news.
well now we waiting on to tell us when the other album for coming out this spring RP can't wait!!!!
awh :( well if you get bored text me!
Congrats to all of our graduates!!! Go out there and make us proud(er)!...
Is headed to Navy Pier for a confrence today. I feel like such a grown up!
Lolxz.....and why up so early
Who Died and Made You Mike Aviles?
I Need to take that trip.. get away from the burgh for a while
only time i'll ever drink 40s is if im broke or i wanna play Edward Fortyhands
#thanks for the compliment
Working dogs....dogs that pull carts and do taxes?
WHO WANTS TO BE IN MY VIDEO IM MAKING FOR ?! ;D
“: Looking for some new indie music and producers... know of anyone who should be on my radar?” yeah. ME.
Amen.. can say it all you want but until you go out and do it, its meaningless....just a bunch of words
How'd everyone enjoy Cravings on Clark last night?!
Ganem Jewelers of Scottsdale amp AwatukeeFine Jewelry Gemstones and Timepieces - tag heuer watch
David: You're like Maude from Harold & Maude. You drive away from the police. You have this batty optimism that embraces pessimism. Me: Aww!
Happy Leap Day! I'm looking forward to reading all the "This Day in History" themed tweets
Sconnies on the ground beat DC talking heads any day of the week!
did I freak you out or would you still like to chat
you going to B2B?
Sure! What is your first and last name? Also, what week did you win?
My 13 year old son just asked the same question!
Wow! Love it - great work on the new skin, Tracy! Looking forward to new issue on Mar 10
Yes I am a fan of the Arts!
no. I am out of time for this yr because there are alot of days I didn't count when reporting due to only doing half days.
Seriously couldn't have said it better myself
Highlight reel play by Chris Nelson at 3rd. Throws out Ellis, might have saved a run.
In the 305-MIA, great weekend to get away
Talking library related legislation at the COL/Leg Assembly joint meeting
you forgot 1 thing... american football haha
In defense of bullies, don't label them bullies, call them "students who bully" same with "victims" call them "students that were bullied.
If tweetcaster force close on me one more time. It's going to be r.i.p.for it
Oh no. my stomach is starting to hurt again... i dont think there's anything left inside me though.
you suck. Nice
THANK YOU pastor! i might have to "borrow" (morning assault) as my am hashtag ##
awe as soon as I go back home your gonna see the pebster :D
Vin webber: issue interest groups do more to distort campaign spending than anything else
I'm in Dallas now
Applications for the Miracle Board Executive Committee are due FRIDAY! For more information, email or .
My user name is Rayne and I just made it up. Feel free to add me to your buddy list
its a pretty cool bunch of folks hanging out, and a good excuse to visit Kokomo Toys
Love Emma Stone's sleek updo.
im only deprived,when da smoke ARRIVES
Thanks for the follow. Love to see another #EmpireAvenue fan's tweets.
Final round of edits on my #SLP are done! Now off to get it printed and bound!
best comedy show line up ever this Sunday come c Buckwild, Smokey, Charles Walden, Denny Live, Malcolm Hill, & Darkchild on stage@ Starlight
com c me
well thank you thank you! I will probably miss it too. It's been a fun run!
Great coversation - thanks for the a-ha!
hip Geo called the doctor and the doctor said no more iconics jumping on stage 2 big iconics jumping on stage madison fell...
you sound like a very big creeper ...... I may just block you
Ooh, I thought you were just talking AU slang again!
RT : Good Morning! Unemployed FHA borrowers to get year of forbearance in a change that may become industry standard:...
I rap the truth !
totally forgot tonight is FNF Friday Night Fights on TF2!!
Kid in my class told me Star Wars wasn't real. I told him it was in a galaxy far far away so how would you know?
I think ima give this up
RT : Damn Russell Wilson is the shit .... ur right
i blame pamela anderson.
btw me an bladye had cam sex last niteeee oh
a true boyfriend= one you've been friends with for a while, one who doesn't cheat on u, and one who will still be ur friend when u break up.
Two of the hardest tests in life: The patience to wait for the right moment and the courage to accept that you've waited for nothing.
& if you ain't with it punk bitch then get these nuts in ya mouth, no more. no less.
#civilwar FOTD. Abraham Lincoln toured the CSA White House during his visit to Richmond & met w/ Gen. Godfrey Weitzel in the house's library
heey I love you♥ :)
#Easter Egg-hunt begins at 2 p.m. on the Laguna Lawn! Hop on over!
Happy Monday! Make it great.
“: Dangerously high on the Cramps. I shouldn't drive..”
Enjoying the #2011TENCon - Conference about software for insurance agencies
With roids, of course. : Lets do a modern family where gloria leaves al bundy for me because i help manny become a baseball star
Have fun Ryan!!! Miss you Bob!!! RT : Thanks BMax RT : safe travel to the Big Easy!
Watching the remembrance of Mike Wallace. Am reminded of how much I also miss Ed Bradley's intvs
it's not what you think it is!
Ok. Advice: Never say I told you so. Just cross your arms, smirk and think, "Haha, BITCH!" at the person. :)
STEELERS BABY!!!!!!
Just saw 's Asian doppelgänger on campus. Tripped the fuck out.
Are you in NOLA? Enjoying one of your favorite cities for food?
Make #love not #fluorocarbons We all share the same home- #earth :)
& can I be your best twitter friend? (:
menthol rub under the nose.
And #SACFair is officially underway! Stop by Copley Lawn between now and 3 pm!
#givethemanatrophy, walk into bathroom, guy is peeing from motorized scooter, seated, into urinal, awkward and impressive
Pac Man
Just heard "Power of Love" on the radio!
Considering that he died in 1971, wouldn't ANY Louis Armstrong recording be "decades old?"
Get your #FREE #Xerox pedometer - come to the Social Media Cafe & say "My feet hurt!"
but tell him he's kinda cute please?
london and france! :)
fake nigga's be queit! Hha jpjp well good luck not that you need it ! ;)
This will be just the start of Bret's "remodeling". Haha. First the Camp. Then the closets, garage, etc
Loved it, but Dare Iz a Darkside is my favorite
In Sarasota FL for "The Planking Song" Video Shoot.
I think its safe to say I have a crazy ex .
Now tell me this.. Why would OU have Big Event and the Spring Game on the same day?? I want to go to the Spring Game!
hey Mr. Robinson, I tried hitting you up on SBR.
favorited all the pictures of me and Lmfaooo
:45 of strength training last night, 28 miles on the #bike today... Great week of #training so far!
I'll never forget the way everyone in his band looked at him during and immediately after "I shall be released" at floyd fest.
Working on a Sunday, no days off!!!!!!!!
If you're ever in Ann Arbor and walk by Chinese restaurant Middle Kingdom, do me a favor and kindly give it your Middle Finger
oh wait. Is this white fang we are talking about??
#BigEast. getting ready for some greats games starting this Tuesday.
#dvrtweets RT“: talk about gettin' what you deserve. hopefully that is just the beginning of your pain colton-you piece of garbage
Is any sports fan in New York City NOT excited by Jeremy Lin? I haven't followed the Knicks for years, but am now.
ahh they are so cute girl!!
your face.
RT : Success requires continual change, constant improvement, and ongoing sacrifice.
Your welcome :)) But I could tell you will enjoy the sport of basketball longer than any other
RT: RT : "Rumors are carried by haters, spread by fools, and accepted by idiots."
It's like air! I NEED it! I have to be on the red carpet for the next 2 days so Sunday I'm going OFF on some TB! ;)
i adore you.... #ArianatorLove ...
i want to throw up now (/.\)
I respect girls for that-- RT Girls go through so much, boys have no idea
great idea, I also like to download youtube or other videos related to the days lesson to stimulate ideas, visual learners enjoy
I asked to go for my birthday. Was super fun but I am even more shocked by the idea of gun violence now.
Don't you hate it when your eyes aren't symmetrical
Don't use the ablerton or audacity, Rock it out on the Serato or even VDJ, but no pre-mixing!
"The great thing is, there are going to be lots of firsts for us."
ITS STARTING OMG
So is my dude gonna stack up on Yeezy 2's for us over in Australia? Hahah
yes she is
Everyone have a safe and relaxing weekend.
It is not the mountain we conquer but ourselves.
The and joint conference is officially underway!
nevergive up on hope cause god is always here
dirty dancing in the moonlight
Waiting for the little one to decide to spring into action.
*People only see what they are prepared to see.- Ralph Waldo Emerson
dang...with a dislocated patella, an ACL tear and MCL tear, Baron Davis needs to go on ahead and retire. smh.
Random people alway say i look mean 0_o when you judge people based on their expressions, that’s facial profiling.
Spontaneously bought tickets to the midnight showing
April Fools joke, right?
Fan hit by Cuddyer foul ball. Hearing fan was not hit in the head.
That's last text just made my day!!
. how does it feel being one of the few people to ever be in jail with George Clooney outside of a movie set?
Zacks Bull and Bear of the Day Highlights: Intuitive Surgical, Leggett & Platt, Bank of America, Morgan Stanley and ...
YUMM Shrimp and grits??!!!
that would be awesome!
So much provocativeNess on my tl
how u been
taking roommate apartment applications...prefer to live with dudes like the big bang theory...pure entertainment provided for free!
putting on a red and black feather boa, spinning in circles, and trying to whistle (no success)
Happy to contribute ! RT - HBO Sports got 1.5 million PPV buys for / generating $94-million.
Going to Seapig Monday, gonna learn #python with #seattle 's pros. My mission: copy image to clipboard in #b3d 's image editor.
thanks! Glad you enjoyed it!
my cape is polka-dot. you? :)
I got the same underwear :)
Shout outs to and thanks for following we always follow back.
We are looking for bands for a compilation c.d. Email if you're interested
I am unique!
Hahah that would happen to be got all excited cause I thought my shoes finally got here. Nope. Just text books
Always the fat girl saying something outrageous.
This free iPod sucks
Spring Break Party this coming Saturday, one of our biggest parties of the year featuring wearing nothing but a furry Speedo!
Common sense is genius dressed in its working clothes. Ralph Waldo Emerson
Matt Kemp comes out of the game in the 4th. Looks like he pulled up slow running to 1st, was playing with an iffy hamstring
thx for the fiollow. followed u back!
feeling guilty about not studying because you had to write a paper instead
Effective communication and vision need to be at the top of my list for
Thank you to all our new Followers. The Mall Followers is growing fast new exciting links movies and stores are up loaded weekly.
I need everyone to go follow he's Brandt new to twitter please follow he will follow back
Join us for a glass of #FREE wine at #Sketch #Wine Bar on 101 Broadway today at 5PM. Can't beat the free booze, can ya'?
Demissie said, "We will be developing new standards to enhance the quality of electronic cigarettes and heighten the consumer experience.
thank you for the pic!!!❤
Anyone taking part in Bank Transfer Day? We want to talk to you.
finally done.
People who eat chocolate 3 times a month will live almost a year longer than those who eat more or less of it.
Heard some of the Republican debate last night and yearned for the day when pandering was subtler.
Take the red pill.
So I had McDonalds and Wendy's today...they don't call me the #DietKiller for nothing.
i can switch between browsers faster than doing something on my phone :P
I can smell the hopelessness from here! :) have a great time wtih Derek. Stake says haiiiiiiiii
Whenever I drink a frappuccino, I also get a cup of ice water and alternate between the two
if this preview is not on
"Mine eyes have seen the glory of the cumming of the Lord." -- babe receiving facial from Jesus Christ
I suggest you cover a One Direction song.
"Jesus" Just walked by the Machinima offices...
I got my baby back! <3
Happy Halloween! Remember, you can't spell BOOZE without BOO. Come to think of it, the same principal applies to boobs.
As Pirates fans from across the world go NO!
I KNOW BUT I LOVE HIM TOO. its alright ill just go marry cenzo.
Roly-poly most def RT : I'm having a very important fight and I need twitter to weigh in..."Roly-Poly" or "doodle-bug"?
Steve, 1. Get back in the kitchen and make me a sandwich 2. Follow!
RT if you won't remember shit by noon
Today! Get free stuff here today! Afreething.com/Yours FREE FREE FREE! GET IT NOW AT THIS LINK!
Got it!
if you could combine Indy & Nashville that would be one Epic birthday present!!! :)
Snooki is short, fat, orange, and loves lasagna. If you think about it, she's just Garfield with herpes.
Call your radio station an request 11:11 by !!!!
The warning signs at the parking lot by the MAT building at #UWT are funny. Who's actually going to read all of that *before* parking.
very nice!
can't wait to export it to word press on Friday :)
Telling you people there's a great music scene coming out of place. ~MAMA COCO'S FUNKY KITCHEN~for all your recording needs
#CELTICS all day baby
the hell you doing
coffee, tea--make up your mind, Yale Press!
“: well what do we have to do to make it happen!!” hm..You get the idea to have 200 retweets, I'll call and ask. Deal?
No matter what... I still love you.
look good, feel good, play good, they pay good
@ invitational h.s. swim meet. son Ben just came in 1st in his 50 freestyle heat.
Someone visit me at hofstra and keep me company..... Oh and bring some drinks :)
Thanks so much!!
Back home in VT. Sing to me mother godess.
Thanks for the RTs, and !
Obviously, I'm totally cool with Dallas parting with Newman this off-season. Lack of secondary depth be damned.
I need more followers someone hook me the fuk up plz...
Pinot Noir At 3AM Is The Truth....Don't Let Anybody Tell You Different...
Could you post a pic of tonight's set list at ? You guys were AMAZING! Can't wait for the new album!!
I'll never love again ..
Ah. That makes more sense, then. Is that what the (somewhat cryptic) #140MTL hashtag identifies?
you to
I hate leaving the house when my son wants to play w/ me, but it's awesome getting to see him wave goodbye. Makes me excited to come back.
Calorie free bucket of extra crispy thighs. RT I'm going to KFC, does anybody want anything?
#ThingsINeed just one more chance to play volleyball before my surgery
Bing Gordon: Gaming is the future of education, not lectures and powerpoints
sittin' in class texting #DylanMyBoo for life! & tweeting a little sick poor #angel #GetWellSoon ur angle is sick
since when can you not go get a slushie??
: Kareem, it was great seeing you today in center city!
#Titanic 2?!?! Cool for all the folks that can afford more than third class steerage. U can find me down below doing the jig. :)
jr sucks he hasnt won in years. I like 18.
Watching the #Oscars there are so many pretty dresses!!
What's happening?
He Kicked Him In His Balls Hard ! : 0 I Was Like Damn..
How many times can a guy tell me he is too important for me before I get it? #LotsOfTimes,Apparently
Happy Birthday Trayvon Martin. REST IN PARADISE. *pours Arizona*
Depends on the daughters age and if her true passion is acting. College isn't for everyone.
We makin things happen this weekend
You know what would be hella funny? To get #blakedavis trending. Hahahah
Coleman is pitching for the Cubs. I think it is the Coleman who was the butler in "Trading Places".
You, too!
when I get back from my tour with my jazz-art project "The Food Eaters and Likers."
there is an autographed poster in my car for you
how do I get you on some tracks?
#sslive knowledge workers typically prefer a high level of autonomy in their jobs
probably looks hot
idk cause this project is giving me a headach
Gonna try to save up some money to buy a new iPod Touch, because I'm really starting to want one... <-<
I haven't! what are your thoughts on it? RT : Ever heard of ? If so, thoughts?
Kevin, sorry missed your call but when will be best to reach you again?
COMING SOON! Stand-by for some major #MastersPOV announcements! =)
lol thanks honey!(:
I love you!!
Staying away of politics. So much noise. History is like deeper waters, calmer, where you can examine and reflect.
Received surprise 2nd copy (free) of Seth Godin's fabulous #Linchpin today! Brilliant marketing & super cool gesture!
"Downtown NYC is not really like NY state. NY state is beautiful. And I'll tell you this: NY state grows more apples than any other state."
Mom's surgery scheduled for Friday. Thanks so much for the good thoughts, all!
Had no idea trying to hire a driver would be so hard. I think it's the trying to hire a driver while poor part that's hard.
Off my case, Laptop Face
Wiz Khalifa-Ink My Whole Body !
Only 4 more days until we raffle of the Ipod Shuffle! Don't miss out, enter today!
in the house launch sippin on
no! i would NEVER call you a hoe! see...just look @ this. This is the job- now here's ur experience::::::You're just overqualified...see? :D
Tagging is very important in sharing information in and as it helps in the ordering of thoughts
The harder I work, the luckier I get.  Gary Player
thanks homie, you too! What you doin for NYE?
PR Reunion sounds awesome! Count me in!
You ugly, you black fucka
Major Halftime Letdown. On mid-game promised a "twit" from the stage mid-performance and we got nothing.
": time to get with the times homie!"<-- You watch it there buddy!!
that is analysis that should win an Emmy. Would love to taste her Rigatoni.
Preparing #Google documents in regard to a #JW I've been having talks with over the last year. Getting down to the nitty gritty.
Having the pleasure of watching Jonny Lang sing a brand new song "I Don't Want To Know The Truth"! Gorgeous!
Praying Jeremiah don't kill me on the way to this delivery. Bitch drive crazy-ah than I do!!!
If you want a google + invite please leave your email
“One's dignity may be assaulted, vandalized and cruelly mocked, but it can never be taken away unless it is surrendered.” Michael J. Fox
I'm learning Krav Maga next year to get ready for NOLA. lol
Was at the set of NY Ink yesterday. Honestly I expected more.
what was the TV van count this morning outside?
. oh you guys are on Twitter? Sweet
Finally home ... oh Ventura ... you never fail to give us a great time!!!
visiting a friend and her husband
in small doses.
Oh my god we're doing one of his songs for hip-hop. Thought I'd share that XD
Olivier Nduhungirehe says AU happy w/ cooperation, esp financial support. That has improved missions but still room to get better...
Just downloaded BoxSync. Making the transition from ? Simultaneous usage? Thoughts?
every boy, every boy in the whole school could b theirs...
our new number is 448-9991
My old man raised me to be a diehard baseball fan, but in adulthood I've realized that basketball is the vastly superior sport.
When Nico speaks spanish >
Sprucing up our Bleu Velvet cocktail: we're talking Skyy vodka, lime juice & Blue Curacao! Hope you join 4/19! Email !
Edward is in the hosptial
what them lakers gon do Christmas
and so here i am, begging mercy4my sin, remembering times when i held a simpler mind,when all we had was time&remember i will always always
So, can talk about portfolios while I 'tut', take sharp intakes of breath and vigorously shake my head? Awesome!
Just had a heart attack.. My 6yo son just told me he has a girlfriend - who coincidentally used to be his friend's girlfriend.
I really want some ice cream!
Great Things Happen For Reasons Of GreatNess
unicorns nd glitter
mother nature has cruel april fools jokes...snow...in spring?!?!
I had never rec'd a request until today. Didn't realize people still use it.
Definitely not raiding my patches to display on my new D-Lux Messenger bag so I'll need new patches.
I know :). Thanks for all the excellent thoughts. Really appreciate them.
wow great pic!
How's the project coming along?
I love you too!
it was great seeing you ! have a blast in kauai...
Cool. If you hang out with guys that like Tool it shouldn't be a problem to find it.
All of us girls have that one "friend" who goes after every single ex boyfriend, or boy we talk to....
where you been?
"Dude didn't even have 2 show up!" Then neither does anyone else. Fair is Fair
Good to know! I'm looking forward to giving it a listen.
#sbseminar2012 Presentations are awesome so far!
I'm exhausted. I have so much work to do.
I just followed you because you are a dj and I am looking to get my artist on your next mix tape get at me if you like what you hear
What's a God to a nonbeliever who don't believe in anything?
man, the kia commercial with blake griffin is HILARIOUS. i roflcopter all over the joint whenever it's on. kudos, big fella.
I get more emails from Lands End ...... lol
Thx!! Wonder how I got on
Alf doesn't approve of doing Roseanne Barr impersonations to soothe a crying baby.
For a successful technology, reality must take precedence over public relations, for Nature cannot be fooled. ~ Richard Feynman
all of the NFL's players wives got together and locked them out of their houses while they were playing football
I spend half my time on pinterest unsubscribing from boards about deserts, womens fashion, and weddings.
A2: At , we actually measure job satisfaction, then share it with users. It always makes for interesting data.
How's this for #awkward: Hi, umm I'm a research tool, uhh will you try me out? Think I just won the marathon.
Thank you. I'll keep an eye out there.
I'm Craving Buffalo Wings 14 min Crispy and Hot
I listen to your show on the way home from work every day! Funny as hell! Keep it up man!
#RANDOM #COD #MW2 advice ......nobody likes a nubetoober or a camper
WHO ELSE NEEDS A FOLLOW? just tweet
I am an expert on such important topics.
Compelling digital stories doesn't mean expensive equipment. The tools & technology is on your mobile
What's with this weather, so cold! Need hot food!
gurrrrl! the potty humor is a bonus. :D
Great interview on 60 mins right now with Arch Bishop T. Dolan.
Taking my Concealed weapons course on Tuesday...
Whenever you knock me down, i will not stay on the ground.
write about wat inspires u most of victoria justice
I wanna do my final editorial in journalism on you!!(:
A word from the wise is sufficient... (Once a lier always a lier) Its hard to deny a talent that's already mastered.
Possible strep throat
what days will you be here??
#pointlesscelebrities Paris Hilton and Kim Kardasian
I think Matt Flynn's day may cost Rogers the MVP. I think Brees wins it.
Voted at Precinct 16. Judge said about 200 of 3,000 voters had been there. First time there were no campaign people at the polling place.
Happy Tnanksgiving, and the insanity has started, #blackfriday shoppers already trampling each other, sheesh!
at least the wave around worked out this time
I think we're counting down to some big peaks and valleys on the STREET today.
aaaarghghghhhh! I finally decide I want the HTC Incredible and now Verizon introduces the Droid X!!!!!!!!!!!! what to do!?!!!
Oh yes, it's Monday.
“: Will you be at #SMWHealth today? Join the FDA Crowdsourcing session at 4:30 and say hi to me ”
thanks for suggesting madeline fruman she's awesome! thanks for helping ppl who deserve to be know get there!
sure. when/where? im flexible
pinched my tit....douche
I just saw the tweet about the broken feet & surgery. Sending wishes for a speedy & complete recovery your way. XO
Thank you for an incredible #sdsms! Learned a lot today and had a blast!
,keep glowing,stay Blessed
Big fan of your work! Your movies are awesome, and you're a seriously amazing actor. Keep up the great work! :)
I'm getting up now
#supermoon this eve! Powerful and passionate for all of us... Go For It!
F school
Its called "Madea's Witness Protection". What she gonna do in the movie, turn into Tyler Perry?! How can you not spot a tranny lookin granny
I think so. I counted up everyone I know who is doing it and I need more fingers.
Glad to hear about your son's success too.
Both! The magic of DVR.
ITS NOT MY FAULT:)
? Come on in for lunch today! Delicious soups, salads and sandwiches are available!
Hey Alex! Glad you were able to see it. Thanks for coming out to our #SDAFFSPRING showcase. Hope to cu again soon!
If all Facebook users formed a new country, it would rank third among the largest in the world.
Sorry not to be in NYC with my peeps at
what can i say ?
And the purpose of leadership is to accomplish a task
Hoot Suite working again?
#FF YOUR MOM
Who is motivated to use ORCID IDs? Universities, funders, publishers. Researchers themselves -- maybe not so much.
☼ Ridicule is the first and last argument of fools. Charles Simmons
"I was flirting with this girl and didn't want to stop, so I just pissed my pants." - a thing some guy just said outside
At 24 Messi has broken Gerd Müller's all time European scoring record with a hattrick. 3 clear of Ronaldo in the race for Pichichi.
Thanks Liz!
Im so tired!
": Seriously, how good is Lucroy with runners on?! #Brewers #AllStar" about 50/50!
#RichardWeeks RT : Which #Brewers player will send me down my slide first today!?
Here's a shoutout to fellow bands that rep our hometown of Tucson!
Brought our Kitty to West Hollywood Park-met a DP who told us about a cat actor place-maybe Sinclair will become a star :) He is a cutie
Wakin niggas up in the mornin like coffee, saucy
Why ask a stupid question, & get mad when you get a smart answer?
Da scale told me I weigh 145 but my body feelin like 300#drained#
Nicki Do You Have An Instagram!!!! ?????
morning babe!!!! Wanna go to the Reds/Cubs game w us tonight??
congrats bro! That's a great accomplishment . Tomorrow is 6 weeks for me, too!!
My computer erased my entire itunes library. Here I come Spotify Premium 30 day trial.
thanks! I'll check them out!
dude, come back to LA!
yes I did chauni... Like 2 weeks ago .... Sad story
I'm actually sick
Pool party at my house. Text me.
That's awesome!! I've read a lot about dogs in prison but this is the first time I've seen something specific about cats.
almost put me to sleep though :b
Lola is fcknn amazing (;
Make learning part of the culture and that is done from the top down
Band teacher Mr. Randolph~in 8th grade he told me that my fingers were too short to play the bassoon~saving me years of ridicule
and their merch girl is dancing in a two piece bathing suit with a glow stick style hula hoop.
#SignsYouLostAFight You going around telling everybody you won.
Cancer is Romance at its best
Big shout to my brother SGT Grear! Follow
My favorite thing too do lately is drink some JD then hop I'n the whip put on -the ride & cruise too the club. I be faded....
Congrats to Sean Miller (Pitt Panther) & his team on their win over Duke!
#DontFollowMeOnTwitterIf you are not a positive person. We are all about positivity, creativity, love, and fashion!
in a word: aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaack. Loving it but I miss being able to breathe. How're you, madam?
I am stronger because I know my weaknesses. I am wise because I know I've been foolish. I laugh because I've known sadness.
I'll be home in an hour.
About to crush it at the gym
oh! Thank you so much. I was consumed by wedding yesterday & forgot to get back to you. :)
What do you call male ballerinas?
as long as i get to sell the pony, or donate the pony to a girl who reeeeeeaallly wants a pony.
how are you enjoying the new
Congrats to for nailing #NFL trivia: In 1992, James Lofton was the FIRST to break Steve Largent's all-time yardage record.
we will have a limited amount with us at #SOWO this weekend in Helen, GA
Haha you pull it off. I'm referring to all the idiots at the outlets.
The customer in front of me @ the coffeshop had a big order and slipped ONE THIN DIME in tip jar. A Rockefeller?
thanks bro! can't believe you're using Twitter again!
- just remember what they say about "payback" .... :-)
Nice job Datsyuk!
RT - Hoping that the Jacksonville Jaguars can pull off the big win this week!
The same people that tried to blackball me forgot about two things: my black balls
You're off to Great Places! Today is your day! Your mountain is waiting, So... get on your way!
we need to shop! I know we have no money, but i have gift cards everywhere! :D
Susan Hildreth, IMLS #dpla - what technologies from the last 20 years can we use, and what still needs to be done?
SAVE THE DATE! BJS/JRSA 2012 National Conference, October 18-19 at the Galt House, Louisville, KY; more details to follow…
- as a fan, I miss football too. ESPN playin highlights from Lacrosse ain't cuttin it.
Exactly; that's what helps us get from Point A to B!
Last night's show at Disco Volante was hella tight. Liliana y los Chilaquiles played with the CCCP plus Javier Navarrette rocked some perc
I'm serious man...I just need to know where and when
Thanks for the RT! :D That toolbar was put there by visibli, a social analytics platform!
I live my life by one motto and one motto only
haha gullible means u fall for everything haylee hahah good one isaiah
#icantgoadaywithout JUSTIN BIEBER!!!!!!!!!!!!
#insidetheactorsstudio is awesome
Thanks so much! We appreciate your help and tweet. :)
They told you that you had to buy new eyeglass frames just to get new lenses? Shameful!
she has maxed out the sexiness. She's almost too hot and idk if that even makes sense
I figured that
The harder thing is getting CSS that works with Explorer … bash is easy by comparison.
We are heading to Westwood near UCLA to do some sampling! Come meet us!
thanks for digging the posters. love the work you do.
Phone dry ...someone Hmu
Hey Gerald! Hope all is well, man!! Take care -Landon
I love to be connected with you!
thanks for the chuckles!
oh, lol. Like to put them in a frame & put them on your wall. like with a poster.
This a good game!
Rogue federal agents feel defied they're going to teach me an 18 year long message that's so out of hand #deathPenalty is on the table
I was thinking about getting a ticket to see Once on Broadway over break, but I'm thinking I'll wait until the summer. Maybe July 4th at 2pm
something wild in Minnesota lol :)
I will not look in every burial urn... I will not look in every burial urn.... # skyrim
Its crazy what ur lady would do for a pair of lubes
Should've spent night reading. Instead I procrastinated by voting, eating, cleaning, folding laundry, &watching TV. Now must read.
no where near there n happy to say that!!! Lol...
not old fashioned at all. I expect that
oh, but mah cousin sittin in mah face w/ a 96 pack & a sharpener -_____-
#ThingsIHearEveryday I love you honey
If You have Never Jumped from one couch to the other to avoid the Lava... then You, My Friend, have Not had a Child Hood.
I bought one of those in red a few months ago. Love it!
that doesn't mean they aren't taking note
Still thinking, I will let you know when I think of it
What if I never came back ..
When considering a link purchase or exchange, check the cache date of the page where your link will be located in Google
lmao! no, I was there!! hahahah :P
Seeing the man dr uribe today!
Nice hit
4 game series against philly. They can still tie it...but at least we didn't lose another
r u okay aj it waz an accident big show did not mean to
I would love if the all jumped tami !!! Lol
Looks like I will be moving back to Oklahoma for a year. I'm getting my yoga teaching certificate and planting a garden on my parents farm.
man it's great. Traveling all over. How have you been
Published YA/MG authors w/2012 bks! Sign up for 's Teen Author Reading Series Summer/Fall dates! Email gmail 4 info.
RT Genuine poetry can communicate before it is understood. T. S. ELIOT
In Vegas baby!
u guys are awesome! Whenever I want a good laugh I watch ur show, and it never disappoints!!! Keep it up guys!!!:D
Momento are *giving away* a top of the range MacBook Air to celebrate the launch of v2.0! RT & Follow momentoapp.com via
I'm not gonna lie #oomf is hella cute ;x
that meeting sounds delicious!
Portly Jane Hoya at Saxbys: it's hard not to get food.
when #biking in Holland, you use your bell. When biking in Bmore City, a middle finger seems to be of more use.
finally saw #ToyStory2 thanks to #Channel5, loved the endcredit outtakes!
RT Im mad The whole world is goin hard 4 Trayvon n his slave ass mama gon get on TV n say it was an 'accident'.I cld slap her to the ground
It never fails. I get into the station just as a train is *leaving* the station.
Red eyes
Got email saying watch this video an clicked it an it said 1000$ to watch. Ive talked to other artist that received it as well.
I soo happy your mobile site is up!!
Don't forget LiLLiES has all day Tues #happyhour $3 Drafts, $5 Rails, $6 house wine, PLUS half off apps when you buy a drink!
Plains for the days Eat, Ball, Shower, Then Out With My Niggas
Future "Revolution As An Eternal Dream" events: Fri 1/27 at (1 pm) & Sat 1/28 (7 pm). Mary Patten at both!
fah real son bitches been coming at ah niggah' hard
I can see why they would implement security questions, but making me change my password 3 times in a month is just stupid.
Yes! Should we do it?
sam is my bestie:-)
Always feel weird updating my photo on Twitter...I'm worried people won't recognized me anymore!
Today is not gonna be a good day...
Putting the finishing touches on my coverage of Chicago's #MayDay. It will be up tomorrow in time for Haymarket Anniversary.
all i want is money fuck da fame ima simple man
“ is moving to Richmond. He will still be an star remotely. Send Off Party Friday Join Pls.”
I wonder if he thinks of me when he hears Cuban Pete.
She's right, but she succumbed to it. That's not good for next generations.
I know your on! Or at least creeping! If you see this.. Please follow me!
Amen Mike!
Upon leaving Fort Sumter, I returned to the Charleston Hotel. It was time for me to depart lest I became the war's first casualty.
locbit allows advertisers to reach customers by #location and only charges when your ad is interacted with
YOUR FUTURE: You said you were going to be stronger this time, but already you're crumbling. What to do? Less I'd say. Crumble with panache
If you dont know where you are going, youll end up someplace else.
Republicans need to be at the polls in November to take back our Nation. Vote! Vote!
ok so what r u doing tomorrow?
great wknd in cbus with some of my fav musicians/friends. Appreciate you
Come celebrate St. Drunken's Day (4/21) with us! Direct Message us or contact your nearest RvD friend for more info.
and, what I meant by that was FOLLOW ME! lol
#NFAIS If you're going to design for an ereader, make sure you use one first.
Or Russia.
National assoc. of Latin@ producers honors Latina filmmakers w 'their wise Latina' series. Yes to more Latinas in front of & behind a camera
There's a tiny part of me that needed that break from football.
#fridayreads is LUCKY JIM
I'm in the stands! On the left side, section 19. What side are you sitting on?! I'm gonna find you before you leave!!
I wouldn't care either bro. Great job.
Therapy note or weekly note usually. No SOAP since grad school
I've really appreciated the more instructional sessions - this is fab!
lol RT LIS students rejoice librarians roll eyes Lagerfeld to create fragrance that smells of books zite.to/eV3BMl
EVERYONE'S LIKE OH HARRY AND BECCA OR REBECCA OR SOME SHIT ARE SO CUTE TOGETHER AND IM JUST LIKE WUT
Four Virginians are dead after about 350 of Lord Dunmore’s troops, including run away slaves ambushed Virginia militia near Norfolk.
Who ordered the monsoon of rain here in Orlando? My pool is almost overflowing..
Nope, the brunette
Washington DC citizens are entitled to congressional representation, since they pay federal taxes.
I almost put "Living on Video" by Trans X but thought it might be too esoteric for you'all.
nice Wikipedia link, thanks for sharing
Awesome playlist. Up the Iron!!!
Magic Johnson did it in a 4yr span
no he hecho mi tarea omg
Great day lmao
damn you! I'll be back.
ok god,cause I like talking to my twitter beat friend(; haha.
I'M GONNA TELL YOU ALL MY WHOLE LIFE STORY SOON...ITS GOING TO ALL BE THRU DANCE....
haha alright, bieber dance moves hour is over. for now....
wanna watch The Hunger Games again!!!!
Chooch knocks in another run and it's 5-1 going to the bot. of the 5th.
Lot of ppl don't want 2 give credit to Pats bcuz they won on missed FG. But no1 wants to tlk about how Giants won on a dropped punt return.
Those were words last year after ripping me for defending Yuni B after he swung at a first-pitch meatball.
Which makes more sense,"hair extensions or extension hair"? please everyone give us your feedback. Thanks Mari Ari
My bench points 53 points now. a bit sick
I like using big words to sound smart.... i mean.... utilizing gargantuan idioms to fabricate intelligence ;D
The people you don't wanna talk to text back the fastest.
RT... lets see i just came into the house and everyone run out the back door,i go back outside and they locked me out
You guys are killer! Keep it up!!
Wish I had missed Mayweather's last fight I stead of this one. It sounds like it was hella entertaining.
The 2010 was the most successful gala yet. TY 4 ur donations & support of HD!
Jealous! Shuck one real good for me.
No, It runs for awhile. Not sure of end date.
still wrestling with Quicken, which simply does not work.
8th Grade Dance tonight
yes!! U r right, manmade reef...just need a thick wetsuit, hood n booties :)
Got 's "Design Is a Job" this morning. Already finished it. Fantastic!!!
Loving the new apartment! Even though moving is no fun:/
News team...assemble!
Hooray! You have great parents. See you soon!
Empire mixtapes.... not for the weakhearted
lol >_> im gonna kill her:O
might as well make friends, she'll be with you till the end.
Looking forward to following you!
because you're fucking pissing me off, and I'm fucking calling you to tell you shit. Because obviously you're not listening
Love what G O D loves. (all people, not just the ones you choose to love)
watching on <3
where is that thing you were talking about?
in the shortest possible answer. NO. Ron Paul, has SOME decent views. But, theyre all very crispen glover via Charlie's angels
When people tell show me things I saw on #Reddit months ago.
Morbid! RT Can't decided if Asheville airport's tag line "Take the easy way out" is just plain morbid or divinely inspired.
I'm hungry.
We target mgrs & mid-career archivists, but also professionally active ones. Shoot me an email or call (in the link)
Praise the Lord! Celebrating today's 10K with one of PA's finest creations: Ale from So fine.
“: Good morning!” Good afternoon now,have a great day 😊
Bitches @ Packers...we gotta get a today we have to get the running game going early, ST have to be on point, D bring pressure.
good luck tonight bro!
I do four days a week, I've been slacking lately though
Scorpio words for today: You are not responsible for everyone's happiness!!!
Today feel the freedom of moving any way your body wants to. Feel your life force inside you as you move.
I am not worthy to cover Gerard.
If you head out of town for a weekend vacation, do you usually post your whereabouts online?
Thanks for the #FF love Jamie!
I want to introduce you to a youngman wes. A kid I'm now working with
Limitations live only in our minds but if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless." - Jamie Paolinetti
I guess. I'd rather just attach something like a Boxee or Apple TV or Xbox with Kinect and use those. More upgradeable.
We might have the most awesome college president of all time. He brought a gun to chapel.
#Broncos are about the pick a DT, right? Or do they just continue to trade down until they own every pick in the 6th round?
your very famous!
Then why are we still in Europe and Japan?
: Thanks for RT.
Ew, there's 1/3 of a dead rat on the sidewalk in front of my apartment. That's the back third, in case you were wondering.
This little blonde kid that's always moving in on my seat wtf man
Good luck We cant wait
for following me :)
As if I didn't have enough of a reason to hate the state of Kansas...
is that Josh Schone?
ur winning as in successful
new at 11...woman tells her story for the first time after being shot three times last week.
Ah church tonite
Hawaii! Can we enter? We need to win a trip! ;-)
I FINALLY GOT A FUCKING JOB. I am now a Pizza Hut server. :D
I'll be doing a podcast interview on violence against women in slasher/horror films this afternoon. Any ideas you'd like me to get across?
East reunion tonight at the game?
“: The curse of knowledge -- look it up #pdxdmc” oops @ daveatnorth
If I love ya, ain no question I'll give my last!
Nathan Fillion tweeted about zombies all weekend--! RT : I'm kinda digging the utter cheese factor.
I'm reading Pedaling Revolution: How Cyclists Are Changing American Cities by Jeff Mapes
Lol, I love the big red. I just really hate that crying commercial.
haha sometimes. i only draw on the bus mostly, or when i'm hanging out with my animals
we love you! Thanks for the love even though we've been rather quiet. Have a woofderful week Roxy!!
I'm ridiculously addicted to msnbc's locked up. #bringonthenightmeres!
It was a campaign contribution.
LOL RT : I hate it when my friends wanna have fun, and trying to be cheap.
Cleaning up the house before heading out for 4th festivities! Squeling on the square in Murray,KY - stop by FBC net bldg cooling station.
scheduling dinner/concerts for the winter including Tel Aviv violinist Daniel Hoffman and Beijing pipa player Yang Jing!!
fascinating! I must research now. ;) thanks for the info!
3 district baseball champs all within 5 miles of me: Lexington, White Knoll, Gilbert. We play baseball here!
I love my school!! #nationalchampionship #bbn!!!!
Honey bunney, how is paw paw?
and if you have to go OL go Amini SIlatou...he is gonna be a monster
good day twitterverse!
TONITE #melodic w/ DJs: SWEDISH EGIL, HOLLY ADAMS, say feelgoodnights for discount at door!
Worked on creating & making PPTs for yrs. After making a PPT 508 compliant, I realized how inaccessible digital info truly is
First pitch at Busch Stadium today for the Cardinals game. Stoked.
stupid lady pissed me off
Visited homes of Beethoven, Bach, Mozart, Sibelius, Britten. They were too busy to see me though
thanks Matt. I owe you lunch. I don't think I ever repaid you for the last one 5 years ago! ;)
Someone force me to clean my room tonight so my husband will let me take to see Cabin in the Woods tomorrow. Hes so mean.
After the 5th guy, something smelled... off.
Tacos for dinner? Who's hungry yet?!
I second that. RT“: Congratulations, friend! He is so good. You're pretty awesome too. Love.”
You guys reporting on the snow tonight?
OKC again for a couple of magazine assignments with
what's mine? Lol
I kinda wanna go out to dinner before first friday tonight... Anyone want to come with me and the pudger!
Love the #herewego commercial
thank you, I will :))
What is your favorite ab workout?
Being the really old dude who sits on a bench at a grocery store just people watching and half asleep should be on everyone's Bucket List.
tis a rough one, that's for sure. Haha so worth it though
Colbert & Stewart rerun the show 3x the next day and is available online
NPR news is depressing because it lacks the obviously retarded false optimism of FOX news.
Who was the kid from st.x doing all back flips?
Since we reached 380 we'll release one person being interviewed soon Anyone got questions for her? :) Send em in!
Going to appointment
Vegan Pumpkin Pie is good, I'm making 2 for thanksgiving.
Sure could use a Winnipeg loss...
Wendy, blow a ton of Red Cross funds on wild living. Then go nuts on national TV. That'll do it.
Happy Holidays to all our fans! 5 Days until Christmas, come and shop with us at Paradise Valley Mall!
IPhone 4's and life on tour, 5 racks for a show what's the price on yours~
1977 stands out for another reason: Gyrich and the beginnings of government intrusion into #Avengers affairs.
Gonna leave right saw beggining of #Raw .. Cena got fucked up lol
This is a good way for the show to bring back dead characters, even if it is only for tonight.
Yay! Thanks for the shout, !
i should win the free snare because Taylor from endorses you and I want to as well someday but I'm broke right now.
i cant find him:( he said we wer gna go watch transformmers:)
Oh hey! Thanks so much, love! I'll have to fill you in on all the deets soon!
They feel like my last words.
Mothers Day's coming up & the ideal gift is a well deserved mom-trip! Check our brilliant animated logo on myTab.co to celebrate all moms!!
i hope no one ever has to be in the shoes Im standing in right now... Worst feeling in the world.
I'm better at butchery than dart throwing, it seems, but I am so getting an atlatl!
"Find the linear speed of a point that moves with constant speed in a circular motion if the point travels along the circle of arc length..
i got hacked. i didnt post that
Building a better you is the first step to building a better world.
. 1) this hour has FLOWN by, thanks to for the opportunity & you for being an awesome host
I should punch you. -.-
You're very welcome!
I Love My Friends !(: ♥
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 60
it would be awesome if they won on the road a lot. very, very awesome.
Let's Go Yankees!
Welcome home. God grant you many years, many happy years. In good health and in Salvation!
RIP Whitney Houston you are with the angels now
What a nice Saturday afternoon spent with
what happened?D:
What is this?
#sleepisoverated. Or is it?
No, it's something I refuse to do. To me it means the job is not a good fit and & won't reinvent myself for each opening.
There are 20 angels in this world: 10 sleeping, 9 Playing ... And One Reading This ... :) ♥
Most ball games are lost, not won. ~ Casey Stengel
Getting satisfaction of whatever sort from seeing children lost n "gay sex philosophy" or "violent sex GAMES" is like worshiping congress
NCAA Championship starts @ 6. Who do you have picked or is it a given? Stick around to see who takes the cake in our Bracket Challenge.
You gross me out
Fan Girling is what i do! #BoyzAreBack (: Gonna Fan Girl all night
Guy on the radio said he's from chicago Illinois and a Cardinals fan. He must not have lived there long enough to know the s is silent.
NBA and the Cleveland Cavaliers have a "major announcement" scheduled for 10am tomorrow. Move to Columbus in the future?
-- I agree with you....there is no one better than Jimmy!
After 90% strike vote, federal mediators set up additional bargaining date for SoCal 8/29
been drinkin a little bit
Hi B Thx 4 fllwng FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
I just joined the Brunettes team!
Aaaaaahhhhh!!! So close
wow, for what?
Those are the worse
"It's been a long time...We shouldn't have left you with out a good tweet 2 tweet 2." Hey #TeamFreedom were back on twitter and we missed U!
ant nothin wrong wit it lol its gone take care all yo problems
You would think so. The Mob clearly doesn't have controll over the airport.
Signed up for my LAST fall semester classes! I see the light!!
#Raw is incredibly lame for hosting the muppets, like really...
Got a new drill video coming this afternoon...
I always feel like an outlaw when Bon Jovi's "Wanted Dead or Alive" comes on the radio.."Regulators, mount up!!"
Oh. My. Goodness.... Im in Heaven... Today will be an amazing day!
11:11. Ya gotta love it bro. is probably my favorite person ever.
Mine started "decharging" even while plugged in. It limped along for a few months, but it just came to a halt too.
My phone's a spazz!
At electric daisy experience, excited for some EDM and maybe some chill people. Holoprism goggles going on soon.
I love that place !!
This time im serious, goodnight!!!
did u ever go to sobs?
I'm so glad!! Is there a way to interact with them?
What is on my mind right now? Love, falling in love, making love ,unconditional love, and eternal love.
what's o.n.e. Twitter bro?
RT : Did you know you can text the library your research questions? Just text askcook to 66746 for instructions.
RT : State of Modern Journalism. RT : Apple's Earnings Call Features ZERO Questions About Lost iPhone.
RT : Venus stations retrograde at 7:33 AM PST this morning, moving backwards (clockwise) through the sky until June 27th. h ...
Reading an amazing book of adventure, strength, peace, and humanity--TO THE LAST BREATH by Francis Slakey, out May 8th.
its so nice out
#FollowFriday Awesome folks! (via )
It gets so late so fast/:
well happy bday to u beautiful & ill send luv 2morrow also
Owen Daniels down
" They'll tell you, 'Quit now, you'll never make it.' If you disregard that advice, you'll be halfway there."David Zucker
Beware when the great God lets loose a thinker on this planet.
Remember every Wed all bottles of wine at $10. Happy #WineWednesday!
It's going to be a spectacle....
[B]beautiful beyond words [E] Everything goes together [L]Lovable and bubbly [L] Luxurious and amazing [A] a person i will always cherish
I enjoyed the int. this AM. missed a great convo, but it's cool to know U and I are almost "related." :-)
. A nicely chilled 2010 Lightning from Airfield Estates!
any one wants to chat?
“: If you watch the Titanic backwards it's about a magical boat that saves people.”
Cheered for the goal, then felt bad. Go Claude Go!
Prayer is not simply asking. It is a longing of the soul. It is daily admission of one's weakness.
Projectionist wishes everyone and happy, healthy and successful new year. It's going to be a great one!
'Livingston 8': A Chicago phone number inspires lively chamber jazz - Chicago Tribune
2hr delay for some Portland schools: Ainsworth, East/West Sylvan, Forest Park, Lincoln, Skyline
Good day, everybody. Just coming up for a little air and to see what's tweeting!
i just think its dumb. who cares! lol
giving away free comedy for the next four minutes! who wants one?!
#Heartattack Surgeons Need Help Learning How to Deliver Bad News Title: Surgeons Need Help Learning How to Deliver Bad News Category: Healt
Megan is growing on me (if she would *just* get those teeth fixed!). Lane...not so much.
Only a couple of days before our performance . . . The anticipation! !
why do people hide what they truly mean to say under a whole bunch of nonsense
#ROMANRELOADED ! i love that song
what system do you play it on?
Well Yost is a genius now. Good pinch hit.
Should've totally went with the lamb kafta burgers
nah... I think YOU are the best. :)
every night is ladies night at mad mex.
no prompt, it can be anything thing we want.
Men talk about their attraction to women with thick, long, brilliant locks
Back in NY from what seems to be my 1000th trip to California.. Seats shrinking! Have to figure a way to go unconscious for six hours.
You know what, GREAT POINT! I stand corrected :))
ppl asked me what i want for my birthday I said a pink stripe jacket flavored windows these regular windows not tasty lolz
DFW -> OMA this morning. First of 8 trips now through June 30.
#ThingsEveryoneCanRelateToo not wanting to go to school/work, sleep in!
Agree!“: "The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible." - Arthur C. Clarke”
pang! a
That's actually a Monte Carlo simulation. The brute-force method is to enumerate all possible results and count up.
Louis: I dedicate 'More Than This' to Eleanor. Liam: I dedicate 'WMYB' to Danielle. Niall: I dedicate 'I Want' to Nandos.
El-P crashed Potholes
Sometimes when I'm at home and Jenny's isn't here, I'll brush my teeth before bed.
THANK YOU for a wonderful book, full of heartbreaking stories. Let's stop this injustice together!
work smarter, not harder () - you tell it!
cuz we are cooler than
yep! let's go!! #oneantwo :D
We probably won't announce a number until post-game
& Then Kenyon Dumb Ass Got Suspended Today .
do you go to mount rainer and knew a girl that danced at allegro performing arts acadmey
i hate you all your moms a whore.
Hi Bronwen. Great to be connected with you.
Who's the PRO? : your huge pussy and a sack of shit, you run like you have bricks for feet and a stick up your ass
Hope The Spirit Awards recognize Nicolas Winding Refn for his visually stunning Drive.
same thing Hillis had “: Irving officially being ruled out with "the sniffles" for tonights game.
Congratulations to Pastor Brandon T. Crowley, my son in the ministry who was inducted into the Morehouse Board of Preachers today.
's Royce tweets just might be the best thing on my twitter feed today.
Oh how about Arianas Grandeest fan? You know like Starbucks? lol
thank u, I try!
Zappos renovating old City Hall for future use - Las Vegas Review-Journal
lol im really a goofy person
Well hi there lol.. On my way to the gym in a bit.. Support our troops and good causes again please.... Be thankful for what you have now!!
I am a twitter stalker following over 100 in the field. I hope to contribute nearly as much as those I follow some day
When "working" on weekends, the only work I get done is when I'm taking a break from taking a break, like now, if tweeting counts as work.
I'm going to change mine to glovesat30
Honey I feel ya lol. I've been in a funk for like 2 weeks. Keep your head up & smile on! :-D
Chicken backs & necks are also great for stock (especially free)! Wings provide the most collagen, which is why they are ideal
Talking biz on WXXI 1370am @ 835. This week, all Desperate Housewives recap. Oh that Orson.
i tore something in my ankle....but i refuse to walk with crutches.! i hate being crippled
I tweet to god the most. He always hears what I have to say. Thank you.
Find any good stuff?!
This photoshoot is "enlightening". Window into my life.
So much for my errands I had planned today, guess I have an excuse to remain in bed :)
Yay! is my 2000th follower! Thanks for the follow! Love that you're an environmentally-friendly farm!
i'm in Miami I try to get to Florida every other week
If I had to Chose between Breathing and loving u {Princeton} I would use my last Breathe to say I LOVE YOU PRINCE! ILY
Restoring the beauty...
Those of us struggling to find it might just have to come watch it with you on your laptop lol.
WHATT?!? It can't be
The B-A-H Nation is growing...1,028 likes!! Thank you all for the support...we appreciate each and every member of the B-A-H Nation!!
Why so much concern over my mental health. I'm as crazy as I always have been.
lol oh whatever
sounds like JJ hasn't got any better you think the braves need to trade him
Mad Men drinking tonight...sip for sip with the show's characters. Any guesses how many episodes we'll make it through?
Knowing him, I wouldn't be surprised
As much as I want to embrace these last few days that I have in high school, they are honestly pointless
Team VNM&LOCAL NOBODIES:
Who checks refs after games? And how rigorous is it? They need to be addressed by the media IMO.
Wish we could control that - the hotel provides 0 wifi connections there but we got ~400 on our own gear this morning.
Tonight! All bottles of wine half off. we'll start doing it every Tuesday, but Christmas comes early tonight. Even reserve btls get the disc
Since blog posts are dated you should have no problem enforcing your copyright.
YEE finished reading part 43 I love it!!<3
my room smell like gain and loud
For interpretation to be social, museum has to open the door for visitor's voices, but not leave the room.
Thank you. I shall take it impersonally!
For those who stand in the place of evil, shed me from your fear. Love yourselves for such courage. Show me your hearts and dine in heaven
yes, very funny and interesting. Definitely worth seeing...and vote at cvillemovies.com!
a whole new world...
RT ": You need to fix your attitude #igetThatAlot Well it wouldn't need fixing if you weren't acting like that"
woke up at 4:30 am to prep the fresh ham leg and get it in the oven. Delicious smells are already filling the house...
created a digital simulation of slave escape for exhibit last year. Very popular.
That's what I did when it happened to me not too long ago.
eyy going round london you?
Un un u can't tell me nothin...
#audibles they should give tbow a new pos name like passingback or something. He just isnt a quarterback to me. Great player though
you in the R?
Fastest way to get your phone working again? Call tech support. By the time call back, phone works and you look like an idiot!
Go #Brewers !!!
of course im loving the torys...i want to look like you obv. CANNOT WAIT 4 MON!!!!!!!!!
you know what grinds my gears, dolphins fans
WHEN I GET MY LISCENSE IMMA RUN YO ASS OVER 
Windex is from Jesus.
Dear Directioners, Its quiet on twitter... A little bit TOO quiet...
You sound so sexy when your not talking ;)
haha i guess i cant argue with that!
TMZ is never around when you need them!
Will do
pick up yo phone when i call cracker
lol. Maybe you should go to sleep!
If your gonna be two faced at least make of 'em pretty
Doing a live facebook chat tonight with at 6pm central!
what's ur email
I want a giraffe o":
Anthony and I talked and we think we can hold opponents scoreless together next year.
More creative minds fueled by Smith Tea's. Keep up the good work Boaz.
F is for friends who do stuff together...
Retreat to plaza.
I forgot how CUTE new mexico boys are! haha :P
All beliebers love Pattie=) And :)) We love the #BieberFamily :))
Looking back and realizing things I should have done differently..
breaking news: i'm going back to Salesian next year, the decision has been made, & i'm honestly ohkay with it :D
Owners with more than one #dog shouldn't treat them as equals as pack position is important to a #dog, this only encourages imbalance
15 minutes give or take and not yet. -abbie
no time warner msg
absolutely brother :)
. rattles off a long list of #CFB teams on probation in response.
Ha, thanks for asking! I bet you are happy I reply to you often! Ha! Well Italy is splendorous! Its accually very early!
Has to be Hoof Hearted.
Party on a boat...
What is up with the sport shows stating Kansas would have won if there were a couple minutes to go?
"Text them and say, 'Sorry I can't text you right now, I'm driving.'"
How 'bout request for "Happy" - our wedding song! #Springsteen tix tonight was my 10 yr anniv gift to best husband ever :)
Retweet this if you know your library card number by heart. We're taking a tally of awesomeness.
so is delegated to superstars and pre ppv YouTube matches?
Good morning, all. Coffee is on !
gonna quote songs that come on shuffle...ready set go.
LIVE ON MFS RADIO.COM 210 SLAP A HOE SHOW
...Smiling... Well that doesn't happen often <.<
omgee I was doing that earlier tew
i put it back in ur locker
Uh huh. Lol cause i didnt wanna trun off yalls notifications to my phone but my battery does NOT needa die lol.
Excellent! What's URL for the conference?
my sister criticized me when I told her a few years ago that I wanted to learn to mix,...
North Carolina just set itself back 200 years. Fuckin morons. I'll marry a plate of mini corndogs who gives a fuck.
#EverydayIThinkAbout you and realize you probably don't do the same . . So I try to forget you.
you got that right Vern
Like i just popped one.
luv for the nuggethead breakfast food line!
Heard Em say
I hate how you just got off the phone with me. Not cool bro.
RT LOL I HAVE TO GO VISIT HER TOMORROW!!!!! • ^_^ yeaa come!
i got da job
do u even have a team : )
I accompanied Hay's class to Nutcracker many moons ago. The naughty kid sat behind me and kicked my chair the whole time.
Pathos with a punch
thank you for the FF !
To anyone who may have arrived at 5:30 at grays lake, sorry I was running late but I'm here now. Upper level concession stand.
I am definitely thinking evening. Maybe 7 or 8 (Central time). I'd like to do it at least once a week.
Anointed By God tho
I hope its nice out!
thanks! glad you liked it!
Easy Listening
Unless u r going out to the desert to fast please keep your mouth shut because I don’t think Jesus wants to hear that u gave up diet coke.
"I don't want it if everybody can get it."
yea that's gross
“: Happy Sunday lovelies! ☀🌻💛” weird.
Have a great weekend everyone!
oh happy birthday!
Between the city of chicago fees, airline tickets & cell phone companies, I just wanna scream!
...and I just stabbed myself with the thumbtack I've been playing with for the last three hours. Time to put that down.
I havent got to listen to 's new song cause im stuck in the hospital for day )': but I bet its amazing just like he is, love u
I wake up to pee....then end up just staying awake. Darn it!
Sam did so good !
I think i would be the happiest person in the world if followed or retweeted me <3 (:
Finally got a chance to the see our Dolby glasses-free 3D demo! Very impressive.
Hey Baltimore, we're looking for a partner sponsor to print some T-shirts. Got leads?
1st love,you was that,my heart, you broke that,my trust,i gave you that, you cheated, I took it back
lol let's say your dad is a boss unfortunately my Dad is like you lmao
yes, I do. Not send out trash!!!
Who else wonders.. what if someone could read your mind?
RT : Results of NYC Teacher's Choice cuts Only $4/student=teachers spend $1,000 of their own $$ on supplies-...
nicole ari parker still bad
Outback flow
finally off! Made bacon,eggs,& french toast for breakfast. Couldn't be that tired or just glad to be home. Time to get some rest...
Nice to see the Cubs start the season the right way!
oh okay. Make sure your cellphone charged and call me. Dont forget!
I have too many shows to keep up with: #britishskins, #thelword, #jerseyshore and #glee. Thank goodness for #netflix!
Here is the latest Massachusetts news from The Associated Press - NECN
I'm at Making Broadway Musicals: Artists and Scholars in Conversation at Princeton.
At Clifford's in Hales Corner with and some Stritchers.
*JUST ANNOUNCED* July 27th - GWEN STACY w/ Lower Definition, Mozart Season, & A City Serene @ Bad Fish Bar
New post: France's Beaujolais region, 2009 is a standout vintage, arguably one of the best in the last 50 years
you're welcome! I love getting involved w projects like this too and look forward to seeing your finished film!
Exactly. Too many independent contractors...none of them good. Time for Hoyer to br a GM.
Menudo cook-off/car wash/ toilet program. Azusa Band and Pageantry needs da $$$. Haha. What a great day :)
wow thank you!! :) we have a new cd coming out! Pre sales have already begun, and with a pre sale you get a free download!!
ha yea I was starving and I told my bf lets go to whataburger.he ran into cruz and Cruz gave us like a 50% discount(:
#wonch Hard to connect with audience while slides advance, relentlessly. A problem with the genre.
Making a chevron friendship bracelet cause I'm just so frikin' cool .
And there's the kiss with wife Anita.
enjoy! Registrations should be up and ready shortly...thanks so much for your support!
They really were such a sweet couple, though.
they had a bad week in news
Our booking reading call begins in 10 minutes. We are reading from the book "How to win friends and influence people" by Dale Carnegie...
Hey, 140 characters without the word "fuck" in it. LOL
Oh my gosh Stella passed away? ;~; RIP Stella. You won't be forgotten ☆
I want to go to the park and lie in the grass all day. <3
lol, Sims are cool...
Looks like the crystal football will stay in the SEC again this year!
You can tell you're in #Cambridge when the graffiti on the bathroom wall is a quote from Sylvia Plath.
Brandon Wright
Listening to the airport orchestral version of how do I live with out you at lax... surprisingly tasteful arrangement...
We're playing The Double Door in Chicago tonight. Shows at 9 so come hang.
I would
Only for you, and your Win98/IE5 technology stack!
Johnny Got His Gun by Dalton Trumbo.
Is everyone having a great weekend?
lol watch your mouth :p
Great recap of last week & preview of upcoming #fulhamfc match against #sunderland on ... Kudos to &
A big hello to our new followers! We'll celebrate on Monday with a ticket giveaway! Follow us to win!
Let's get down to business, to defeat this test. I am el loco.
You're the one who went to rehab, but I'm the one with issues? Something isn't right here.
mike jones
Gurl, chill that winky face out..
if you mean the Business of Golf Instruction, yes I am. or is there a different? i've seein your stuff, good work!
We're working on it. IT is supportive. Just need to get others on board.
Great workout ;) #floating&stinging
- I am so proud of u. U were amazing & despite the judges mean & wrong comments. U killed on the trio. U are perfect!! <3 u.
WOW...Fantasy football stud AND you tweet during the games...is there anything you don't do?
Found out they passed the gay marriage law today:) good, they have no right to keep people in love from marrying.
HoraceIn this world a man must either be an anvil or hammer
I can't believe Freedom Makes You Beautiful is still trending! Well done!
nope not a thing.
this trade will be based on results of Bryzgalov. What has #Bryzgalov done lately?
Improptu Chicks In Charge lunch today @ Torrey Pines. Contact me for details!
I.smoked weed before it was cool... Now I do meth
thank you for the rt!
What fist fight? After the show got out I grabbed the free vitaminwater and left.
cheers! Thanks for the love!
Lionel Richie in the audience...YES!
How often will you go back to check in on a show, post-opening?
"Let the miraculous life you were born to lead unfold in all of its magnificence." ~Henry Thoreau
Woke up to class being cancelled. Ah the
women are like flies, they're always on shit or sugar
ill be your bird if you will be my bold fella.
you know what I mean! Lol 🇬🇧
that sounds phenomenal 😍lets all meet up later !
Love bloomed like a flower...then the petals fell.
I love where a day can end up... As in randomly on the radio. Thanks and ! Playing the epicurean in p'ville @ 9
NM Jazz Workshop Under the Stars. 6/11 @ 7pm @ the art museum. Humoso and Doug Lawrence. Going to be a great show!
it's a mystery about a mystery within a mystery :)
I miss you more ! :( a couple more weeks!!!
let me retweet this!
Enjoy a wonderful Easter weekend with your friends and family! -Your friendly GFL staff
bou to go shoot tha saw gun
It appears our Twitter account has been hacked. We did NOT send out any spam messages or links. Change your PW immediately.
lmao no problem 😘
Plant the seed of desire in your mind and it forms a nucleus with power to attract to itself everything needed for its fulfillment. -
Excuse my charisma, vodka with a spritza.
From : "They understood things of the spirit in Japan. They disemboweled themselves when anything went wrong." — Sylvia Plath
Panel sharing HUGE opportunities with working with #pharma More innovation through collaboration.
you'll have to be more specific
I feel so stupid I forgot that your first name is Ana Jeje hi sweety, how are you? :) Hope you are having a great weekend :3
Kinetik Entertainment - Bringing you the hottest young artists from around the country!
Pretty pumped for this Will Ferrell SNL.
How the hell did 7 Nation Army by The White Stripes become a fight song for sports?
I'm so glad my mom was able to come visit, but I wish she could have stayed longer. It always sucks to say goodbye!
Dang I'm bored!!! WELP listening to nicki Minaj always get me hyper
He's one of the few people who would be very excited about steroids, RT: If Michelangelo were alive today...
Western & Southern Financial Group, with 10 offices in IND, are looking for Sales rep. Top 100 US Training Programs. Visit them!
Roasted chicken with veggies for dinner and now fresh brownies and ice cream for dessert.
He's much less polished and a little erratic but physically he's on Patrick Willis' level. Oozing potential if he matures.
Getting close to my 9,000th tweet
Cant get ride of the smile i just got with that opening to 24/7 haha
Thanks for following me! ;)
I moved out, he moved in, the girl is sick she likes a lot of men.
Lou Williams just died on a pick & roll. Then he took an ill-advised jumper while the rest of #Sixers were still getting across half court
The path to a great workplace is about attitude
no one messes with my boo!! That bitch needs to be in hell and burn!!
Stormy Monday...
Want to start your week off with a PARTY? It's gonna be a blast and you're not going to want to miss it!
you know better than anyone I have no problem saying anything to your face. I just havnt had time yet lol
QUESTION TIME! What is the difference between heritage professionals and prof. archaeologist?
is going to be in a commercial on abc !? Pretty sure i`m going to scream at my tv when i see it.
Lol only my cat likes for me to use the blow dryer on her..
Absolutely, but it is still a shame. I may be a Bronco, but I absolutely feel for you guys. Best of luck this upcoming season.
I'm sorry baby, do you have a sorethroat ?
Thanks also for the follow. I hope you have a wonderful day!
I hold the world but as the world...A stage where every man must play a part...
Friendly pedantic reminder: -- ≠ —
It happens, long season though RT“ Wish the game in St. Louis was cancelled”
I'm going to try it tonight.
8 page paper done and its not even 5 o'clock
Emergen-C for breakfast: not as awesome as Huevos Rancheros but sometimes a good idea.
Aw thanks grrl, you are the sweetest eva. Lucky to have such an awesome editor/reporter
Plans for New Years Eve? Stop by Applebee’s for great late night specials running long after ball drops!
Baron Davis kicks fresh doe
Since Facebook is getting crazy, add me on Google+! gplus.to/christiancapuchino
gotcha --> Follow us 4 great #smallbiz tips
And their tickets were free. : OSU steals spring game attendance title from Bama. Crowd of 81,112 is 2,586 more than the Tide
A shout out to Spidvid.com for their amazing support of Vegan 101 series!
Washingtonian magazine readers have chosen Firehook's cookies as the best in town! Stop by your local Firehook Bakery and try one!!!
THAT HAHA GAVE U AWAY LOL
WOWWW that's so messed up
wait. is that the mom from MSCL doling out the hallucinogens? Patty?!
it is because I'm there isnt it?
how was Monty Python? You and Marco and Brandon are a triple threat! Congrads on the engagement!
Those late night convos between you and someone who used to be special........
did you see his new movie? I loved it.
playing video games with my dad and brother ow ow owww
Only a few more performances of A Crack in Everything! Starts at 1pm & it's FREE! If you love innovative dance & video, it's a must see!
definitley! i might cry, so wear somethin' waterproof. ♥
cousins!! Hands down Bynum has all the makings of bad knees.
I hate when customers call me after "work" hours. Do I call you when your not @ your Bar and I need to order a Beer?
why don't you just get a job where you are paid to sleep?!?
Okay... How many Cardassians does it take to screw in a light bulb? What?! Kardashians? There aren't any Kardashians in
Smart idea, bring the heavenly scent into the house!
Early bird gets the worm. Nola, I'm coming for you!
Triple retweet. Bacon
Monday mornings are always much better after a #Redskins victory.
Its the last day of #NCSC and the rain is coming down while we board buses to go show our support for Georgia charter school children!
haha I got you guys!
Whitney.Houston died?
her new album sounds amazing♥
Sure Kim! RT Thank you Downtown San Diego Partnership. Picture: Deni McLagan, MHS Program Manager - Mid-Coast/SIP......
That cup of tea I consumed at 6 pm might not have been the best idea...
I love you too, my beautiful girl<3
Thank you so much! :D How did you hear about us?
Totally proud of my middle daughter who scored her first basket ball points tonight. 4 perfect foul shots.
Broke bitches so crusty DISGUST ME!
You see. I have SO much new stuff for you guys.. I wanna give it to you all. BUT BLAME MY MANAGER, JON(: Come on Jon let's give em something
Hello May<3 about a month and 8 days of school left((: June 8 please come faster.
Real reason #pens lost is was not last player off ice in warmup. Letang stayed on ice to do interview after Geno left.
Trying to decide on a new name for my blog and a search for ‘crazy cat lady’ resulted in multiple blogs. Half-crazy cat lady? Maybe not.
aww I wanted to see u! Lisa said he will be doing shows in Tampa tho so maybe I'll see u than!(:
You will be missed. Amazing Musician. Donald "Duck" Dunn. 70
I wish you could see that if anyone is sitting in your corner, it's me!!!!
We now have secure login process with email verification. Now to make it pretty.
I am now taking suggestions for my half marathon playlist. 10 days.
oh gotcha
LUCKY! Ahahaha. My mom would never do it for me..
We are so excited to have you come and serve!! Thanks for serving dinner!!
I wish the Dollar Store would sell gas...
The team just returned from a 7 day backpacking trip to #Yosemite Nat'l Park. Hiked 37 miles, camped, fished, and totally rocked out!
Guys are creepy
#thecomedy looking forward to this!
Good luck! MT just completed your trivia quiz in anticipation for tonight!
We found love, took it for granted, and lost it.
Garza has been masterful today, and LaHair continues to rake. This game has been a joy to watch so far - BB
well, i'm making dinner instead of going to Mcdonalds. so....
Going to be INSANE like it was last week....
scribbling on? As in doodling? That's quite a euphemism for crossing out names, where felony charges are possible.
We've been around since '91. Chances are you know someone who has insurance with us! Give us a call, we'll give you a quote! 505-345-8757
you no ask for woodie allen, you ask for this artist better, much better!
absolutely! You need some PBR jams :) They are on order. That would trip them out.
Highlight of night: laying in bed cuddlin w/puppy while listening to giggle at Colbert talking about wheat thins (?). :-)
Oh red velvet cup cakes? Yum
So glad to be done with accounting
Hope tabling's going well at the Student Involvement Expo today! I miss you all!
“: This thunderstorm is really wicked. Our cat just hissed at the lightning.” hahaha
she looks way more excited than you. Lol
I saw a but whoppin that Trevaris put on you!
We Need to Boycott the Whole season, if there's one....
Kyle would tell you to fucking retweet this.
thanks so much - have a great week
lol, sure does RT : Man...that goes so far beyond just singing..but I feel you!
Partying with some friends then studying for finals
Phil needs to be better or we will be lookin at cc, kuroda, nova, pettitte, phelps until we can make a trade.
Starting to get hungry.....
go to sleeeeeeppp
Your EGO is a RAvenous BEAST...CONSUMING EVERYTHING it SEES !!!!! TAme it..... :-P
Every heard of Willy Tea Taylor. After tonight on Live you will. Great folk music. He performs on KGW from Laurel Thirst Public House.
Great day for a photo shoot!
: US Directioners! 1D are raising money for the wonderful Great Ormond Street Hospital.
See bitch now u cut up when im gone now wait until the 23rd
level of happy in conflict session is high & ironic & jeremy is big smiles iam a zombie
Listening to and then he tweets.....weird :o
with da gurllz jennifer& RT I can't wait for the upcoming weekend :')
What am I doing? Just brewing some coffee in the lounge train car. Why do you ask? Oh, it's Ethiopian Yirgacheffe from Intelligentsia.
whole authorization thing has gotten out of hand, makes you not want to ring up another
You sure that's right? I can run that far in 35 minutes! Must be a typo
Fuck. I can't get it to work!!! DX I even tried deleting apps, but NOO!! I'll try turning it off then back on again.
Where are you? Cause I've been there...Pump it Up?
so who's #ironman? and yeah I think you're the hulk lol
Spending the #f After party in a car back to Dallas. What was your favorite band today? I LOvEd !! Hands down!
WTF THERE'S A SPIDER IN MY REARVIEW MIRROR TOO!
#WeWereCoolUntil you decided not to trust me and trust a shit talker...
that message I just sent >
"The Fresh Price of Lexington!"
i bet you can handle yourself pretty well on a softball field, you should come play with us!
my tooth hurts!! :(
we stand on guard for the!
On the bus to New York! & Two weeks until Prom!!!
They call it Stormy Monday, but Tuesday's just as bad: Yesterday's database problems are finally coming to a close. Phew.
": How did Pam feel on Sunday?? She got here Derby on early!" She felt...poorly
me im starving
Ortiz is looking like a $14 million dollar a year player so far. Love the shades.
don't be afraid to be yourself. fuck what the world thinks about you.
What a great way to start my week :)
#ThingsThatBotherMe: awkward tan lines...
A Smile Can Mean A Thousand Words, But It Can Also Hide A Thousand Problems.
RT Thought of the Day: Eggs are a lot like life: Rich in possibilities and full of surprises.
Loving Times Square Right Now!
Thanks Heather! We are told we should learn to be fine with flowers-I don't buy it. Real love is priceless and real men rare
It Takes them a whole goddamn hour for charile to find that golden ticket it the movie. WTF. That's the whole movie right there.
Really enjoying #dirtysoap on e! Great job &
#FaceOff It's on my DVR. Watching later tonight.
The Marlins left field sculpture looks like a giant slot machine.
Carlos said I should be on btr because I'm awesome(:
My eyebrows are really getting out of control.
yeah come to San diego!!!!!! I miss u both
you'll make it happen!
Missing iPhone4 has been returned to it's owner. Can't believe how lucky I am to get it back
see? This is why I shoot down yr ideas! #iPadtraining ?! :-)
36-and-under is national, yes. A few states even define membership at Democrats under the age of 40.
Freedom comes through Truth and Sacrifice!Happy 4th of July! KatyPerry to be sued by SimonThunder 4 CopyrightInfringement news coverage soon
Yes time for on
Don't forget, 'Shaken, Not Stirred' martini auction and cocktail benefit for the ABQ Art Museum. Starts @ 7pm @ the Art museum in Old Town.
as a matter of fact I am enjoying it a lot... i love Jaye! What's after this one?
Sitting in a room of people being totally distracted while planning wyldlife
Big S/O to #FreeWorldMuzic #cokeboys tune in and check out husband or wife remix ft video coming soon ya dig lego
FOLLOW YOUR FIRST OFFICIAL ARMY! ! !!!!!!
are you watching the U.S. Finland game?
We're gleeking out, too, that Chris Colfer will be at #ala12 :)
So my blackberry is now broken and dead, I'm highly embarrassed by what I'm carrying around right now. I rather use a pay phone!!!!
Tell your grandma i said Happy Birthday!((: Hope she had a good onee. (:
It's Trojan Family Weekend here on campus! A warm, fun welcome from all of us at The SCoop to our extended Trojan Family!
I'll probably split it up over the 26 years...haha :)
Blows my mind how I lost weight on the day I purposely ate wreck less on some White Castle. I've got super gas too. 😏
is something wrong with playing lax?? :)
I think somebody should have cut off "The Voice" about four weeks ago and still would have had a much better show than it is right now.
haha no its probably gunna be great but what songs were you thinking about?(:
#ACRL2011 looking forward to listening to Clinton Kelly.
RT : To unite the #Jewish people and protect #israel is our duty! -Amb Oren
thank you, skylar should still Be in it
Playoff hockey begins tomorrow night. Do yourself a favor & watch #Pens vs #Flyers series. Intensity of that series is gonna be insane
Michael Jackson's Don't Stop 'Til You Get Enough was #1 on this day in 1979. I always sing along but know none of the words.
The whole of science is nothing more than a refinement of everyday thinking.
: "I feel like if Drake wouldn't have came out with The Motto, I wouldn't have done a lot of things in the past few months."
he's perfect. literally perfect.
THE PEOPLE CLOSET TO YOU WILL F*** UP YOUR LIFE...
I can't wait to see you again :D
hey miranda you can follow me please !!!
Munoz....of course!
adderall day of. BOOM instant success. or some milk and cookies if you want to play it safe
so do we! Thanks for you help and support.
I retweeted the link
the $ really makes it legit.
When you're lost and you're tired, when you're broken in two, let my love take you higher cause I still turn to you.
OH U CAN DO THAT HUH!!! 👍👍 RT : Huhh!! This squirt I got convo on my TL
I think #highered needs to put limited resources into channels that deliver maximum results. Google+ doesn't cut it, IMO.
Fuck this bullshit!? People r getting on my fucking nerves with all this drama bullshit!! Ah
Go to setting and click your username thingy or profile ! :D
Lol! I didnt know so many ppl arent fans of Confessions for walking music...I will update my Zune :-)
I agree, Jeff. Seems like a slap on the wrist.
NF follow back.
I personally don't want to think about this one too much after today.
if you drink tea what kind? I've been trying to get into tea bc I'm sick of coffee but idk what's good
how does a guy get a job there?! LOL!
wow, there are a ton of cool people coming to our show on 12/5.. Hope i dont get too starstruck before we go on.. bri
Absolutely!!! I'm also coming with my MogulMediaTV Team :)
It didn't start yet did it?
#TCTHH awesome job organizing tonight Jeff!
They're letting us place orders if we are here! Too bad I don't have the money for one. Anyone wanna buy one for me?
come over and help me study poli sci!
thank you means a lot💙💜
I'm pissed off that ringer was cancelled!!! Does Bridget get off the floor!????
ily. I felt like I had to say that bc I'm not too obsessive anymore. Youll always be my hero and I'll love you FOREVER<3
Office meeting today. Keeping open the line of communication is helpful for all employees. Reassessing once a month is good too
Wheatley: Instead of challening insane systems, instead we maintain close watch on our own personal sanity.
Would the #Dolphins give a #2 this year & next? Philbin know Flynn. Camaraderie is vital.
Such a slacker- forget to mention I scored two books from a kind friend on World Book Night. Happy!
You can't lose something you never had.
awesome! glad to help. would love to go to BC..what's up w $300 student registration?! shall we copresent somewhere more affordable?
Now Following !
2 ladies @ supermarket- Lady1: These potatoes remind me of my husband's balls. Lady2: That big? Lady1: No, that dirty. Follow
When going mobile, focus ONLY on what you can do. -
Waiting on the hairdresser at Elements Salon. First time I have had a haircut outside of Florence, AL... A little nervous!
Just reading up on you and your family! You guys are all seriously stunning!
Some Guys Are Used To Dating Whores...When They Find A Real Woman They Have No Knowledge Of How To Treat Her....
Follow Back
National Weather Service confirms a tornado touched down Tuesday in Scott County. For full details and photos see Thursday's News-Graphic.
It's that time. Headed to the Cort house do what I do. Time to make things happen and make people upset lol hopefully not myself. Wish m
Thank you for the follow. Long live the Arts!!!
How did i know there was going to be an arguement before bed...
What's mine is yours and yours is mine so take me away
omg haha and I was supposed to be studying for my test but that didn't happen cuz Alex decided to get on..:p
possibly.rt now is a marsh pattern that looks real good, and a lot like the TM wetlands patterns. Do you have a fav camo pattern?
My mentions are dead! Can someone tweet me?(:
good 2 see u 2. sent from my new ultrabook :-)
New club in Somerville corners dance fun
Nice article on exchange students!
bahaha, who's your friend?(:
#DrunkTexting again are you?
If we don't repent as a nation. We are like Rome in its last days. Moral failure is part of the blame for the demise of that great city...
also, did you see that whoever loses the series gets to claim last place in the division lol
Gee these old guys came to play. #GoGreen or
follow me please or you can add me on skype....maybe not the skype but please follow me
#dalailama Ucsd students cracking down on ppl who tried to sell tickets online for $300
if quitting
Great to see you in the twitterverse - can't wait for this weekend!
want to meet a cool person talk to
Holding out for big news with ALAN!
First assignment for Winter '12 is underway. A bit of reference service history with Samuel Green--it got personal.
Remembering Dad and Grampa, and admiring all the great fathers she knows among family and friends. Bless you for all you do.
Tell your friends to follow us! RT: “: on twitter n I wasn't informed smh”
I'm getting sleeeepppyyy 😒
Which would you choose, true love with a guarantee of a heart break or have never loved before?
One is too many.
Enjoying a Southampton Keller Pills at Best summer beer!
right , right , but I just got me these pf's they cold.
Gretchen can cut 500 pounds of USDA Grade A beef and make it to the ashram by 6:00y night. She's a real superstar.
it seems strange he caught everything Flynn threw at him but looked like shit in the last two games with Rogers
keep smiling..we'll always support you <333
"Hey!...You cant sleep when you're working on your dreams!" —Delano Johnson (Talented&BrokeNov26) ReTweet
I wanna be rich forever too...i feel you Ross
hey angie this colby
Sick catch by Matt Joyce. Also, how many infield singles would opponents have if it weren't for Carlos Pena? Seriously.
lolz me 2...sometimes I jus wanna pop in the face
Gotcha. So what are you doing now?
Thanks for reading & sharing!
Season finale of TVD.
Are the rumors true Circa Survive is playing at an Indiana Mall Anthony?!
Loving all these orders from new customers - and people are really digging the pear ginger pie!
Friendship is 50/50. Don't always give. Don't always receive.
Woah, the pictures my friends from the STL area have posted to Facebook are crazy! Huge hail with tons of damage in the area.
Wow... Well that's me not having sex tonight.
#timeforbed just after my favorite show...
i really want the Rugrats in Paris video game... i remember the good ol' days(:
Have a fry for me my dear - hugs!
Oh yeah and that is the Kurt cobain journals book thing..
Have you gotten your $25 lollipop yet?! Just Curious. I don't know whether to laugh or cry.
Today I shall judge nothing that occurs.
fuck THE AVENGERS, fuck STAR WARS, this is now MCA DAY.
There are so many different kinds of people out there but sometimes we just have to find ourselves first :)
Oh why on earth is Fantasia your inspiration??
ugh stupid book reportss :/
Finely Sucks!
Today was a movie day i didnt do nothing today and i loved it.
I forgot when i'm in a relationship i can't have any friends
Why let it pass?
I SHOULD ASK HIM HA. ;D BUT WAIT HE DOESNT FOLLOW ME. OHDAMN THAT SUCKS
Bye :D good night.. dream about edward..hahaha in ur case carlisle XD!
Here & now you say all the cutest things, then get scared and walk away.. If that's what you really want.. Don't let me stop you, but before
RT Omg I forgot I love sweet potato fries from Louies!!! word
We hope you have a happy and meaningful Passover!
#ff cause I said so. And because you may find it amusing.
Had an inspirational day thanks connecting with other multi-touch enthusiasts always makes my day
OH MY GOD is your pic a semlor?? I never noticed that before! I've got an awesome semlor recipe!
Nice that Tebow will be able to "find his way" in the quiet of New York City.
Hmm. After consulting mom via phone, my knitting still looks like a bunch of knots.
GroundBreak Presents: SouthBay Swag Party - IAMSU with performances by Brohydez!!! January 14th $20 's Lounge!! Reserve your ticket!
we have legacy this week... About to get wrecked AGAIN.
just had my interview at tommy hil a couple hours ago! Good luck man! Hope all goes well!
play #ChittyChitty again by the we love that song!! (:
Test driving a new xoom....love it. It won't be going back to the store after 30 days.
“ Love when people give u a smart ass remark when u ask a question #fucku #assholes”
I just want my motherfucking grades
NEW DANK IN, GOING FAST: Grand Daddy Purple & Sour Jack! ONLY $14/G $35/8th! We are closed 4th of July! Have a fun and happy holiday SD! :)
So perhaps the "academic freedom" and "budget cuts" issues not so important? RT : Texas is doubling his salary.
We're more than happy to help! If u could shoot us an email to: we would be happy to re-email your tix :)
If you're attending NAB? Come if you can? Tomorrow's session: Powerful Storytelling - 9:00 AM Sunday @ Place: Pavillion 2 - Las Vegas Hotel
Sorry to hear that things aren't exactly looking up for you right now Angela :/
Wonder if Dave Smoley will discuss early adoption of (1st big customer) in addition to
I'm sure you'll recover
Texas iss hot but I'm having fun :) def miss my friends/family too
Khan is one hood ass nigga
that's classic!
I hope mother Fugger gets some good seats out of it.
- Yes. But now that he's been fired, it gives him a platform to reveal the "truth", which may be what MLB wants ?
WEB NEWS: WP Theme Generator: Create WordPress themes without coding
Yes! "Communication Problems"! lol...They're all great, but "The Builders" and "Gourmet Night" are favs.
What she said! RT : . Thanks for compiling and sharing the list!
Will be interesting to see if Apple's new retail boss will be the "right" cultural fit. What do you think?
i love gummy bears
Mexican Immigration Boom Is Over [Report]
"Little Big Man"
shut the fuck up before I fight you, bitch.
haha! Definitely not me. Also, what's your apartment number next year!?
he's home right now duh
Saw Liza with a Z being interviewed on the red carpet outside Kodak for the TCM film fest. Also! Robert Wagner and Osborne and Rose McGowan.
from today's dept colloquium: performance of performance on reality TV shows (jersey shore, etc) "is like…goffman squared!"
.laugh me makes always video face a without eyes the watching .seriously him take can't i but idol billy love do i
My thoughts go out to #Japan after suffering from such a powerful natural disaster. Stay strong.
Do it! Write from experience! It's the best place! (Are you thinking comedy? Like #40YearOldVirgin meets #BridesMaids!!!)
We write the object labels. I don't care about the title so much. We are co object labelers.
Watching Troi get romanced by a quarter Betazoid on Star Trek and this dialogue is TERRIBLE. Sigh.
Gotta buy lots of enzyme deodorizer...
So do I! And I love The Oatmeal, but always forget to read it.
That's crazy when mfrs get around they friends they be a totally different person.
You all look so beautiful! Kelly, I didn't recognize joust first. Gorgeous!
Time for bragging rights! What's the best film/TV series that you've worked on in Pittsburgh?
THAT WAS SO GROSS
Yes, let's do that!
Why elevator? Did you do some electrical work today? Too funny!
One glaring UX issue when I logged into the website just now for first time: Took me 10 minutes to figure how to add an article.
me too! The awake part. In SFO. Dreading fluorescent lights. Feel better Ruby!
": Thank God for dishwashers ." Yes praise him for that lol
Just listened to John Feinstein on earlier this week. I'm on the Fire Randy Edsall train. Just hope Kevin Plank is on the same train
Y'all, I have a confession. Sometimes my cat is a real asshole.
that's so sezual
Honestly, the #Philles are just scaring me.
- Are you aware that there is a hashtag #whyilovecanada? My favorite is "It's not America." Or is it?
RIP Steve Jobs. He definitely left his mark on this world.
turn that frown :( upside down sierra :) and just stay chill lol
Proud tribute to what is likely last game ever for true pro. “: Entire #Pistons team don the headbands in warmups for Ben Wallace.”
You better believe I will be there when Pack is that's the last game i was at 2 seasons ago Preseason.Pack-Hawks was wearing #12 GB
Send you #winelabel to contest .com if you want to enter our Free #wine label contest online. #free to enter!
Tigers are going to get busy- B-I-Z-Z-Y kinda bizzy in NY.
Let's make a movie about #marypoppins and #Bert's secret love affair...
Spent the day listening to the Tech Chicks on my iPod...You guys rock. ;)
Good morning FB and my Tweet peeps!!
God hates lifelong monogamous gay married couples but loves Newt Gingrich.
Justin bieber is still a cutie ;)
Haha I know you call a bathroom a "lou" (assuming you're from the UK). What do you call the others?
Crazy world we live in smh
We'll be waiting!
So good to know my momma and dad will be here in just a week or so!
Is there a road map of future released features that are planned to come out for QBO?
cool, no matter who wins wrestlemaina will be awsome!!!! :-)
it is where I live :)
[1 - 0] The Houston Astros scored against the Pittsburgh Pirates in the top of the 2nd inning. Houston Astros 1, Pittsburgh Pirates 0
Happy Mother's Day You've been through so much since but it never changed your ability to ♥ everyone unconditionally!
exactly! That's what happened to me when I over-prepared!
I showed love because you gave love but now I see :( #2TearsInABucketFuckIt..Im not even mad jus
In exactly one week I will be done with my sophomore year of college & be on my way back to spend the summer with :)
RENTED - Awesome Home to Be Creative I Finished Basement I Massive Deck amp Garage I Mt Washington - large dog beds
RT : Via NAIOP: Taking sustainability to the next level? Read major trends shaping sustainable development from Dan......
I miss his big hugs <3
I love when a Korean FOB kid comes to me and talk to me in English w/ really thick accents..I don't mean to sound mean or anything but c'on
cute baby table!!
He said he hasnt been able to work bc of the #TrayvonMartin case...WELL DUH!!!!
seeing you is just as much of a must!
happy to hear that
Wonderful things are in the works. If you can't see it, it's because you're not supposed to yet...
Congrats Yellowjackets softball, opening their Liberty League schedule w/ a sweep of RIT, extending winning streak to 9 games! #GoJackets!
Finally getting some rest before heading out to the gym later.
yes agamos lo!!
Happy 15th Anniversary !! What an amazing accomplishment!
Mentoring is a brain to pick, an ear to listen and a push in the right direction. - John Crosby
I love Japan :)
Today was a good day mostly becuz followed me (: one step closer <3
ready to try this place Texas Roadhouse in South Jersey for some beers, BBQ & the Sixers game...
Hey Taunton guys U should move to NYC for the summer. Could be fun
long sleeve!
Good luck sweetie, you're going to need it...
I luv it. Where did you find it at???
S/O To All My Followers, Thanks For The Support
if not, see us at the Gorge for Watershed! : )
Thanks again to a whole new slew of new Fans! YOU ROCK!
I AM EASILY SWAYED.
Dude. Dude. You guys. I'm like, dying for a cupcake. /munchietalk.
that awkward moment when you are trying to do 11:11 but the time changes to 11:12 before you press send.
want to target n got my sister a white ipod lol n back home
Boom boom
Nice Sonny Rollins concert at Symphony Hall in Boston! (Forgot to tweet earlier. Oh well, better late than never.)
where are you? D;
Kickstarter probably isn't appropriate for the Patio, but there are a number of tools out there for social fundraising.
is too cute ;)<3
Local buzz on bike share & Highline Park demonstrates NY influence on local (SJ) cityscaping.
#buffalo zoo today! Visit your local zoological park!
and thanks homey. for always showing love...no matter what's going on.
Thanks for the re-post, guys!
Life becomes a whole lot easier when you look at all of the positives. Words can't express how excited I am for to be at Metro.
it's were u check are tweets and we put out a contest from each group member....we put out hints to help with the answer but......
Exhibits are now open! REMINDER: Today from 2pm-4pm is the spotlight on Adult Lit. Exhibits close today at 5pm.
#ReasonIAmLateToWork Skunk got in my house and sprayed all my uniforms!
Light snow beginning to fall at on Milwaukee's south side.
#ironic that I'm at a library this afternoon since I'm at the Library five days a week
What if we used to be able to make wishes but then someone wished we couldn't?
I only have one thing to say... Anchor Man 2!!!!!
Grievis Vasquez at Comcast Center tonight. Must be a slow weekend in Memphis.Or Caracas.
I miss Gerald Levert!!
thanks for coming into !
FREE DRINKS TODAY - be among the first 5 people today to say the secret word CRABS to the bartender and your first drink is free.
you're going to have beat some bitches please
Roll of Thunder, Wait 'Til I Get an Umbrella
It's Pioneer Day weekend, which is reason enough to go back! Are you going this year or will u be on tour?
Thursday will be a preview of the upcoming games and #fantasyfootball help
writers group. Me at Souths
leaving out..
My #soul awakens dreams too. My #desire is always so, asks for a #kiss and denies the same mouth.
Dude! u should like RT this and follow me!!! even if u dont I still adore ya bud;)
aw do you really?
no he's been quiet lately.
Never be ashamed to be an exploding supernova amongst brown dwarves.
House Party
we definitely stayed in the shade. Did the pull out a win? We left in the middle of the 6th.
Typical DH project: "Look! I created a map of all the places where Hemingway traveled and wrote!" "Okay. So what and who cares?"
The most important word when blogging - YOU.
RT : No matter the form or size of your problem, God's capacity and willingness to solve it is infinite.
well then your sad :)
Data visualization definitely seems like a Mt Everest for beginners. Did anyone suggest a good entry point?
Six for six on the crab shuffle.
Now you're heartbroken ,tears in your face ..
FlatHatEnt Presents: 4th Friday's at Capri's Lounge Grown & Sexy Affair..... #Come clean or dont come at all
Very inspired right now
so that must make me a CasualAcquaintance--
My boss told this Mexican family, "my Spanish is as bad as your English."
Nevershoutnever and Owl City. i love you
This Mifflin is for the boys. Not for me but for the boys.
#rip ryan dunn
Don&#39;t Miss the Good Stuff | Rachelle Gardner
So much pussy ..damn i dont need dinner
we sure are! rt is following me... true #bachelor #bachelorette #bachelorpad fan.
Nancy, are you going to do some campaigning this year for the Pres?
I always used infant ibuprofen. Lasts longer.
IF YOU WANT TO BOOK THE PARTY BUS CALL 786-223-1654 PRICE:$150HR MIN OF 5 HRS 3 FREE BOTTLE ON BUS 3 GIRLS YOUR CHOICE V.I.P ALL THE WAY
Insult Cody when you're around me? I'll give you some delicious berries called nightlock.
Shredding an entire chicken by hand for pho tonight. It shall be a carthartic and delicious endeavor.
Lather and Rinse.
Too pissed about the protests
: Next weekend is going to be great! My moms bday; MS walk with family & best friend & watching win!
Who are you rooting for? #Eagles or #Bears? RT this & let me know who you're rooting for! Going to a #Bartab spot? DM me & I'll hook you up
Made it to my 930 after we just won the national championship
Yes! Entrepreneurship in a Noisy World
Quality businesses offer ‘lagniappe’ (extra value) to customers! By Joan Endicott
Good luck!!! Will send out some positive energy your way:-)
Thank you so much for your mentions, RTs, and shout outs r
we could organize a meeting of cart owners/leaders to discuss with you if you're serious...
EA games needs to make a motorcross game. Only good one out there is MTX mototrax on the Xbox and ps2.
The sun is finally starting to peek through after 5pm. Nice.
Got em next time Dallas
If I could sing "Bohemian Rhapsody" at my auditions, every single job would be mine
awkward just did..
headed to Morton's with tonight, m. steak
#BounceThatAss is trending now .i cant believe we made it!!! =D
Thanks for the RT, Lucia:)
Pastor you do care!
My pleasure!
Never let ur Guard Down
It's a new week and the last week in October. Make it a great one.
anyone else feel like rice coulda been tackled on that td?
Another rainy night...
They are doing this [negotiation] behind closed doors. In their hubris or fear, is this to shield us from the truth?
I never admit or deny anything it makes me more interesting
At The Cheesecake Factory, trying to pick a cheesecake.
Study study study
poop I have to do it.. hope its not too hard
I hate that you can't delete it when you do something dumb on twitter! No going back
just dusted off my eye patch for
love me some BEVJ! So happy you stopped in!! Xx Gladys
that's at least 4 shots for you! ;)
I Just Need To Stop While I'm Ahead.
After work meeting....
#youknowyoublack when u spill a little bit of grape pop on ur cover nd try to slurp it up...and I just did that....-_-..
O...very jealous! Have a great time in Spain and thanks for flying with us here at Milwaukee's Mitchell Airport!
plenty of space for friends-work out a date with DW.
They had to drop "Avatar" from "The Legend of Korra" because of James Cameron's shitty movie...this angers me greatly!
Wayne from Sa here
i seem to remember a guy being there :P
RT : Content quality still counts. Crappy content doesn't get shared. Quality better than quantity.
Those days when your jumps feel so awkward but they really are just normal.
with 1000 tv channels there should be something that is not so bad to watch, new content need....peewaddy.com is coming
Last Night were the Most perfect night of my whole Life
oh my, we left a couple hours ago!! We were wrapping :)
My little alpine strawberry plants are happily looking out the window for the sun.
where is my creative writing skills
Quality #payroll services are better at QTS Payroll with new reporting tools for clients by Readywebgo - www.qtspayroll.com
Heres to the mahomies in Texas who love austin & will do anything for him to stay & not move 
yeah why
I think i just saw a celeb's "Ambien tweet". About half disturbing, half funny. :) Something about The Thunder basketball & her fans?
it's reminding me more and more of lost... and the last episode really surprised me. you?
Casey Anthony has been found... NOT GUILTY for first degree murder and aggravated child abuse by the jury!!
hehehehe you're so cute! come ova friday to meet king scout👑🐶 you'll be like i eat choyse only on poyzza ployse.
Wishing all my Twitter friends a happy, healthy, prosperous and conservative New Year. Cheers!
All is well in Baltimore, thanks. Golfing a little better for a certain Irishman near here last weekend :-)
It must be tough to live somewhere where you only have one sport to care about
Such a delayed tweet week. We have been working on our new restaurant day and night! We would love your support!
Yes, there's one in the Rainforest and another I think in Chernobyl.
love you back! :) “: EEk! Thanks for the follow guys!! I absolutely love your podcast!”
RT : You cannot inspect #quality into a product. - Harold F. Dodge
your welcome #TVD your the best show ever i wish TVD never ends i hope it lasts foreva!;)
This geology teacher is a deceived fellow
You laugh now but I know my Zombie Apocalypse Insurance from Zaico will come in handy.
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others. --Ayn Rand
RT : literally just preached amazing at #gcconf ! Cant wait til he comes to in vegas!!!!
Apple orchard =satisfaction
We Go Together Like Cocaine & Waffles.
Why must we create a new website for EVERYTHING...
Traveling today...later gator
enjoying your comments via googledocs at #ntcamp !
a good way to look at it. Being smashed by 30 is obviously da same as losing by 3. Must not teach math in the bluegrass state
for what I don't know, I guess to be around for my kids and look good when I die lol
Bahhhhhhh .___. all the girls i live by are such hoes...like legit..close your legs. omfg. thats why i only talk to 2 girls and mostly boys
Did I mention I got a hug from Jack Loeffler? I did. And it is still making me happy.
Dont forget to like us on Facebook! www.facebook.com/EzAsSquEZ
Call us if you need a ride! (630) 363-9027
April showers bring May flowers. Who is ready for Lilac Fest!? Most rainfall in April in #ROC since 1929, so I'm expecting beautiful flowers
We move forward with somebody that isn't a dumb asshole.
Now Following →→Go FOLLOW→:)
go see the Avengers!!!
Patrick: "Daddy, can a car go faster than a cheetah?" Me: "Absolutely." Thankfully, I still have ALL the answers to life's big questions.
Morning. This looks delish: A Layer Cake Made of Crepes: BA Daily via
Day off to go eat breakfast!
For Christmas, who wants to get me an Epiphone Hummingbird acoustic?? :) no one? Okay...
trying to do a essay hbu
Sketchy as fuckkkk
I don't know, how much of a fan are you?
Making progress, slowly, but progress nonetheless in this former tree nursery. Back to work i go.
awesome. I kind of had a feeling that might happen.
Love, love and love you and your show!
Thank you for the like, Betty Huth! We like you, too!
RANDOM THOUGHT UPDATE: Im a Funky MOnkey, So give me a banana!!!!
"we cannot support a mayoral candidate… who is willing to court support from (city unions)" -UTSD. Where to begin? h/t
About to take me a shower and go to bed.
Quick trip to the mall with my daughter. Gotta do some laundry and ironing for a busy day tomorrow. :)
Sparkin' up "Hard Truths: Writing Addiction for Teens" at 1:30 on the #LATFOB #YA stage w/Ned Vizzini, and
*John Belushi voice* NOTHING IS OVER UNTIL WE SAY IT IS!!
I love lucy's dress!
TO WHERE BBY. Can you take me with you. Lol (I Wish)
your giving me mixed signals
bored, nothin to do it's 6:20 in the morning here in new york
My middle name is Kristofferson.
whaaa? don't believe it! But I will check it out...lol
A few of my fave Commercial talent descriptions: FEELS LIKE A REAL PERSON, NOTICEABLE DIGNITY, GOOD WITH DOGS
My grandmother used to sprinkle algae on all my food. I guess she was right.
Scaramouche! Scaramouche! Will you do the Fandango?!
I lied
North Shore were the best out of this group so far. who would have guessed?
#HappyInternationalWomensDay! Celebrate peace and equality for the women in your life with love and light,
Well said!
give that guy the chair...i'll flip the switch myself.
I am the 1:141. Three dollar winner, thanks to #23. Happy birthday,
are you in Vegas yet? What's your schedule look like?
let's go
Every body stay safe this weekend
Hey Dino! This is Todd and Dino. We will see you soon...PLEASE?!?!
Roads are nasty.... =longer commute, =need for morning coffee even more so than usual;) show tweet for 50%off any drink before noon 1/12/11
i still havent got caught up on my sleep :(
Holiday Inn West has great All-Inclusive Easter Brunch Package with Georges wiscohotels.com/wiscohimadison/specials.phps
: RT : Walk by faith, not by sight. We will always be on the right path walking by faith.
thats so nasty
indeed! Excited to shop the new tunes :)
you're welcome! I only recommend the best!
As opposed to not returning? MT : harper didnt deserve plunking. but hamels is tough... returned from badly broken arm in hs.
Article marketing is known to help improve a website's search engine ranking.
One of my favorite sites. www.livenewscameras.com
what do you get at starbucks?
Time for our Friday afternoon nap.. ~via Pleiadian Stars
I need new music to listen to.
total cool event this am. Gotta live #jmu612 thanks for the follow!
My mom has one. I like the UI and what's available on the pee ees3 more than the Roku.
Today @ 5 PM, "Question Reality" on LA Talk Radio, guest is Comedienne, Devin Green, Go to: latalkradio.com, CHANNEL 1
goodnight <3.. In my country it's already night :(
Last thing I'll say. (I know: 'shut up!') W/a good restaurant job I culd live in same town as my gf. Shout out NTT longdistnace relatinshps!
PR in my 100 (:
awww! Your so sweet! I love your personality!
writing a paper on organic Fiji honey exported to Europe to be in used in cosmetic companys' products.
why haven't you two gotten married already
a sandwich based on the film Barbed Wire! great idea
": The 54th #GRAMMYs going LIVE on the East Coast in 15 min! West Coast, beware of spoilers!" You guys should go live in LA!
You're meeting Dr. Fauci! How much nicer you want?
Awkward chestache-as-a-bra joke quota completed by a customer. Thank you ma'am!
=) God morning! Are you gonna be a trendsetter or a trend follower?
Should have saw this coming
something short - what about like #PMAPropTup or #TUpPPMA ?
Included with the "Rise From Zion" pre sales are a free download of the title track and a free t-shirt, for only $10!!!!
I did until today
thanks :D
very good news about your offspring and his accomplishments.God be the glory on your parenting skills and vision for your son.
It's a lot of pressure sometimes!
naw, I played like 2 games tho... My nigga fresh off a injury that had him out 7 games the same day we lost the play offs
#kids Repacking Your Bags - Wednesday Evening Series: Repacking Your Bags - Wednesday Evening Series from Wednesday, May 16, 2012 at 7:30...
Happy Wednesday to you, too!
what the fuck you say, bitch? fuck you. pornstar.
WHAT IS SWAGGY I'm so confused
I hear there's a place in Erdenheim next to a friend creek that'll offer to repair it.
I KNOW !!! Counting down the days :)
so excited to finally be part of this wonderful club
Send as PDF saves storage space. No need for two versions anymore. Slick.
Just realized I spelled "exhilarating" totally, horribly, incredibly wrong in a giant mass email. Like a boss? #notsomuch :-)
Ha! I've wondered that myself!
umhm wat u see on the teachers computer? ;)
Illinois Governor Pat Quinn announced today over $4 million federal grant awarded to Rockford Solar Partners, a joint venture between Wanxi…
RT : How's the first weekend #scriptfrenzy going?
Make sure Firefighters don't have to crash your Thanksgiving: Never wear loose-fitting clothing that can catch fire while you’re cooking!
I've submitted more SACO proposals in the past 6 months than in my entire 14-year cataloger career.
I wanna be a SuperWomen !!! Hahaha... ♥
good to see this account. Former student. Go Bengals
Patrick Hutchinson :win a pair of #MarshallHeadphones? RT this, then answer: What is roadie Hutch's real name?
Referees for Game 1 in Boston b/w the Celtics and 76ers: Greg Willard, James Capers and David Jones. Sounds like a three-man bluegrass band.
feel better!!
Whoa! Guess I'm on the late show!! Hey y'all!
Used some carrot juice pulp for making raw crackers: pulp, chia seeds, sea salt and cayenne pepper. Really yummy and super easy!
WATER WARS BEGIN!!
Inbox running over with free strap contest entries today. Love it! Bring 'em on!
Culture's surely chgd for better when Fox scare-quotes "pro- #marriage" re: anti-
More legs than a bucket of chicken!
"The genius of man is hidden in the silent, settled state of mind from where every thought emerges." Maharishi Mahesh Yogi
crippled, and still bowled a 130... not bad
hi can you plz follow me =)
Finally finished my homework after about 40 minutes so now I'm free yayyyy :)
its okay!
m. kiske, noodle koogle, and matzo ball soup. <3 bringing out my jewish side
RT : S/o 2 My Girl .. Major Projects On The Way...
whats your email?
i should do a music video to swagger jagger.
I think both of those things can be accommodated. The internet won't be that bad after hours, right?
I just tried out my new elevator pitch but the ball bounced off the door and smashed me in the face
Split advertising costs with the people who sell to you. Vendors and manufactures are always looking for exposure
awh thanks sweetie
beauty wins!
RT I'm often asked why anyone would choose to be gay. Well, for starters, the food is better.
The Summer 2012 Olympics start in 15 weeks! What's your favorite Olympic sport to watch?
"That's a great name for a novelist or a character...Bryce Harper. Mhm. -Vin Scully
We went from long conversation to barely a hello.
oh it was great!! and you're predication of next week was spot on!!
We are moving in March! You won't believe what we have in store for you. Have any questions? Ask us!
Communism is like one big phone company.
thanks for the follow!
is having a stupid discussion about Bill Maher giving $1 million to Obama's Super PAC. Waste of air time.
While reading Intermedia #dprk #newmedia report, fascinated by a lifestyle of "Yep, got my phone illegally from a Chinese border guard."
Wouldn't ever abuse him with it obviously
i hate when people say that.. they obviously know that you called them if they are calling you back. silly people. dm me??
#celtics tried to give it away again, but were able to pull it out. Nice bucket by Garnett, but C's still need to play better! Go C's.
We got lip singers on caso cerrado
Protect your racks from accidental damage with Dexion's heavy-duty rack protectors
Hope you sprang forward.
First band practice with the new drum kit. Let's do this!
they want people magazine packaged celebrities, they don't want actually to analyze their own interests. It intimidates!
Has anyone seen a map or aerial view of shot on #10? Wouldn't that be a nice graphic to see?
Good morning fam....getting a early workout before I hit the highway to Portland .......
I just discovered they now sell pens for lefties, considering all the issues I have with pens, I'm considering buying one....
We're totally open!! Come on in!!
This dude is parked in his car fucking up some corn on the Cobb, hahaha
Be wary of those you meet toting gifts of friendship...
you ain't a G then * crip walks all on your shoes*
Trying out this month. I signed up for the "unlimited" account. Fingers crossed, this'll give me more time 2 B an exec director.
Planting my wisdom tree at www.iwise.com/dickensmb
Thx for the shout! And we plan to LevelUp the world! which likely includes retail stores :)
Not content with daylight robbery the print cartridge manufacturers have resorted to stealth to further plunder our meagre resources
aight yea i will. check out my music tho! www.reverbnation.com/gstatus
Fuck that new Facebook layout I can't even be bothered by fb today bcuz that shit is too annoying
I'm glad you got the reference :)
Barrier: School's technology policy
Duncan: "We know that if kids aren’t healthy then kids can’t learn...This is an unprecedented investment in school-based health care."
Had tA wake him up earlier, just fA him2 say 'I love you too, bae.' #BeenInLove wit him, feels good when he dont want2 hang up*cheeseface*.
Thanks for sharing your expertise!
There is a place you can touch a woman that will drive her crazy. Her heart.
Let me go and try to clean house and get my mid off this matter..High stress...I need a moment. Love you all..
I already followed her like 30 mins ago dude CHILL
The official hashtag for the American Academy of Religion - Society of Biblical Literature conference is #sblaar. See you there! :o)
I believe it - must try. Thanks!
stop by our cafe when you are in town. We are near Pike Place Market
We iz gonna shake dat mb concert on july 20,bra
naturally. it's because everyone's a-comin'
I haven't connected mine to Wilkes, but would not be surprised if there was a relationship.."cousins"
I stalked tonight with brenden.
My Sister Is An Weirdo. Them Hormones Ain't Shit
I wanna see my broski :DD
RT : If there is an attorney that understands social media better than - I want to meet him/her
Life is, more than anything, 10 minutes past 9.
I Got My Vans On But They Look Like Sneakers.
Recognizing 's family at #hillman2012. His two daughters are here tonight.
Attitudes shape behavior in social media:If you want someone to connect w you via #Twitter or #FB are you including links in your signature?
NEW Ashlei Shannon accessories coming SOON. How does Sunday sound?!
Oh no, we came to look for you today - didn't know you update on twitter!
I got my lil family growin... I dont need ur help! Ur dismissed... Been dismissed at that...
can't wait to share with you and on clients!
Seriously, wtf is up with Florida? The "Stand your ground law" can't even stand on its own two feet...
I just have a command of thoroughly useless information
thanks 4 all u do 4 kids at American Family Children's Hosp. How r u?
im sort of bi/curious when it comest to belt drives.
YOU CAN?!?
Roundys has organic milk, prob cheaper than Organic Valley.
I haven't been on Twitter in forever! This must change! #TweetMe #SmallFrySoldiers ! Xoxo
I'm tired of people using twitter and facebook to bag on people.
- The question is, did ACORN form another organization to acquire the ACORN assets and continue the radical left agenda?
Two walk off grand slams today...Votto with the Reds and Stanton with the Marlins.
Indeed. And with a laptop you only have 1 thing that might run out of power.
~wish you hosted CMT Insider all the time. not fond of you always bring that extra something to the show.
My campbells soup select harvest spot is up and running on network and cable. Very happy. Cheers to the new year!!!
love helo kitty
Indeed it will. I am truly honored to be able to send this message to the man, the legend, the founder. Best wishes to you sir.
Silly I know... But I really wish & would be friends again.
thanks man...will do...workin on a lot of new stuff
Did you enjoy your time at and ?!
Bummer... Wanted to use it! What would you recommend of out-of-box services to achieve similar site?
I'm in my own lane yo
Hawaii is the most oil-dependent state in the US! Our project can displace oil-fired HELCO units, eliminating 250,000 bbls of oil/year.
I've never met a Nathan I didn't like.
Gonna be heading back to Ohio later tonight. :o
this #milwaukeesnow is really putting a damper on my plans. I just want to be living with my girls already!
RT : Anyone who refers a membership will receive a FREE month of membership!!**Plus I have a few to give out! Who wants them?
Tip of the day: if you want to be cool then alls you got to do is wear sunglasses or adjust your brim of hat.
hello(: how are you today? thanks for following! be sure to also follow and checkout xoxo
Was at the gym at 5am, read some great books, got some good snuggle time with the kids and have done some work. A new season begins today!
Totally bummed about MCA. RIP.
It was a great decade for music. It gets a bum rap because people focus on the fluff.
Any males over or close to the age of 45 that want to play soccer tonight at Brookfield indoor soccer park? Our team is short tonight and …
I'm just the messenger! why do you think he's wrong? i appreciate the feedback & thanks for following #ipb2012!
thanks for the RT!
You know you're from Washington when it's 75 degrees out and you're sweating.
Thanks for your passionate advocacy for teachers, their students & #fundforteachers today. Grateful for your voice & support!
shave Mr.Met into the back of your head!!! I'll do it too! Everyone will do it lol
AWESOME!!! CAN U GIVE ME A SHOUTOUT PLEASE
“: indiana aka indianapolis :)” coming June julyish!
Santo said last nite during an appearance that most CA public universities don't offer US history courses - What? Dude's running for POTUS!
2 books in 1 joke. Nice! RT I'm writing President Snow's biography. It's called "To Kill A Mockingjay" (ht to )
Control your risk this tax season and all year round with GoldStar GPS
Many books today suggest that the mass of women lead lives of noisy desperation.
Ha! That's the first time I have heard that.
How can you not be beaming from ear to ear? I am!
I love everyone. Plz pray for me
Tonight on #21CRadio we're discussing technology and music portability. DM me to submit a question!
Hope you have a wonderful weekend also!
Proud of our effort tonight despite the outcome. The points do not show our heart and toughness to overcome the obstacles we had in front
posers cryin in the name of capitalism are the same ones afraid to compete.. smh
IT'S MY JOB TO KNOW! So I Make It A Point DAILY To MEET, ASSOCIATE & AFFILIATE With The 'Movers' & 'Shakers' In The Ent. Biz. So Should YOU!
Gathering some new Karaoke songs.
I hope Craig Mack is getting paid for that McDonald's commercial, but probably not, considering it's an instrumental
good morning cody(:
lol, me too.
Happy bday homme. Hope u enjoy ur day and live to c many more.
You'll have to forgive us, just realized - GASP - we weren't following you back. That has been remedied. Love your site!
fact: I was going to have ice cream anyway.
Such a good criminal minds
helps neutralize the chlorine smell..helps repair hair/skin..
#MyBiggestFearIs Losing My Phone♥
RT : Congrats to 's fab new column in Huffington Post. She's such a great writer. Will be looking for it in Aug!...
Miss #Wisconsin just won #MissAmerica Take notes Rodgers. All we do is win.
Awesome, thanks!
Sitting at Haskell's in Excelsior, MN after a day of fun out in the country!
Hotel Cafe tonight to see only a few hours before his album drops. Score.
RT : Bet i could make it wetter 😏
Don't feel like packing tonight...
Still sleepy from going to bed at 3am(:
Thanks for the follow Alyssa!
drum machines ain't got no soul
yes, the custom program is only offered to those who have sent in postcards, but yes we are looking for testers.
It's so hot in my apartment 🔥🔥🔥
I have a preso 8-10am and serve as on a panel on OSS 1-3pm. I think I might need drinks way before the tweet-up that day.
Hey... Sent you a DM. Ttyl
Solo piano tnite, Sunset Towers (tower bar) at 7pm. Time to work out some stride!
not essential, as long as you have maraschino and lemon
Storyboards delivered! (For an excerpt... still exciting!)
he's a pussy
Watching PBS News Hour try to spin JP's Jamie Dimon as a Republican. He's about as GOP as Jon Corzine.
What are you doing this year for #EarthDay to start reducing your #carbon #footprint?
Long day.... Goodnight
Juan Nicasio with his first career RBI on a single #Rockies up 8-3 on #Padres in bottom of the 6th
I wish I could read minds
Headed to the beach :-)
If you have a private question, please request we follow you (if we aren't already) so that you can DM us your ?!
Eliminate "no problem" from your conversation as it implies it could be a problem.
Elena Kissed Damon TVD Finale Hero Stefan I THINK Elena Kissed Damon will trend for days! LOL! it has to!
can't complain. Just another home stand.
hey! I love your coffee! How was your thanksgiving?
I make my own decisions , I learn from my own mistakes .
Having a two day weekend feels so weird! I keep thinking tomorrow is Monday but NO! I have another whole day to do nothing! Bwahahah.
It's break time u know
its just Chris Mullin's accent.
RT : I'm Celebrating Bastille Day as authentically as possible: Hasselhoff re-runs.
HEY Ppl go follow me and for auto follow bck
omg I love ur imagines by the way r u a boy or girl
Thank you for following back :)
I walk around smiling to hide the pain I go through......
where is the rally?
It u aint about funds then u cant get none
Sometimes I think I'm crazy cause I see things so differently then everyone else
I hear ya, Just pisses me off. No offence or anything. :) I'm just Mad. My Fam needs that $
Awesome! What's the name of it? We'll add it to DCWiki!
8:30. $5 entry with ANY College ID! RT : What time do shows start on Thursday nights?
The biggest enemy you�ll ever face or deal with in life is ... yourself
Crazy allergies. A week out of town can't come soon enough.
Well look who it is!
Looking forward to the Senior Show tonight! Open to the creative community tonight, 6–9pm.
i'm flying to dallas on TUESDAY!! when do you get home?
It is a sad and pathetic person who takes delight in ANY person getting hurt for ANY reason. Those joking about Rose's injury are classless.
I might just be the only gringo in Puebla
I'd like to request David Bowie - "All the Young Dudes" Thanks!
I know it does & I def. am, she'll kill me if I dont anyway lol but awh thxx!
I hate it when the barista puts Splenda instead of Sweet N Low in my iced coffee when I specifically asked for Sweet N Low.
Everybody's trying to make money now by telling other people how to make money. I was sad to see a fellow novelist taking that approach.
Merry Xmas to all! Ur support this past year has been amazing! To Jim Thorpe, The Legendary Dobbs, Dave & Buster's, TLA, WCL, Tin Angel, TY!
and he still stuck it in, scary
Arrived just in time to catch fight at NHL Kings vs Calgary game.
Get over to The Drake! We're starting the night off with Patron! 1902 Washington Ave, 77007.
Oh yeah. Today's Cinco de Mayo.
you know you can go to any autoparts store and use their hand held machines to see why your check engine light is on, right?
I have been trying to get you to follow me for what seems like FOREVER!
On 8/22/97, I left on a training assignment to India, where this picture was taken on 8/31/97. I felt blessed meeting BLESSED MOTHER TERESA!
"God I am single as fuck."
your quite welcome:)
yes maam I will send you something by tonight
Louis is all like bitch please we are to good for you
YOLO kind of night with
Did you eat amalaya? Cause you're kinda bitter haha.
What do you think of Apple's Announcements yesterday? Much ado about nothing or truly "Resolutionary"?
TODAY. Station 4! 5pm. Be there. That is all. Kthnxbye.
That one mo hit .... My family... Leading ...never follow.... Impressing ....inspireing.u
Is it supposed to rain or something? Because my knee really hurts.
zucca is my current fav amaro to blend with
Straight merc'd this hammer. The color combo is so tits.
a FriendShip..i let it sink
Oh rain you can stop anytime!
#FF i'm going home in a while
haha its totally alright
BlackBerry Bold 9780 Now Available from T-Mobile USA
Glad to hear that you came out unscathed! :)
Happy Birthday ! I wish all the best, and that all ur wishes comes true. Love you. -Babi
I gt chased by a bird on the riverwalk sat..... fucking Texas Animals!!!
does anyone have any good song suggestions maybe covers of austins for my fan vid of him and alex! and if you wanna be in the vid tweet me!
Patients love to get comp. #Vampire #teeth made from you to fit over 6 & 11. We did this at our office 75.00 per pair.
where were you the last two nights? great goin out times with
Trying to come up with new segments I could start up on TRG. Thinking about doing one featuring Kickstarter projects. Thoughts?
going to play mass effect 3 on sunday at noon with if you can join us! also might do some tonight as well...
So is the new Lily Allen any good for a #training or #running mix?
Good luck to the San Francisco Giants!!! The Carlton supports you!!!
I'll be me and you be you. #bitchesbebitches I guess.
Sometimes I have boring Twitter weeks, but I assure you, we'll be back to your regularly scheduled brilliance shortly.
best of luck evannah !!!!! trust me economics is a bummer for me too.
SUMMER....Looks like it's gonna be an interesting one. Well friends let the fun begin
What To Expect When You're Expecting's Rodrigo Santoro Talks Getting Ready For Kids And preparing for the 300 sequel.
After a long day of selling 30 hats today, off to hill final #goodfriday service.
get em lebron...finish this game!
YES I DID.
We are very happy to finally get to work with you guys.
laundry is going watching titantic searching youtube. im pretty cool
Females really thinking they're attractive because a lot of guys want to have sex with them... NEWSFLASH: HE HEARD ABOUT YOU.
It's all happening in Oakland right now: the occupiers vs. tear gas, grenades, & a new armored tank. Yeah, Oakland has a tank.
stiff collar? stiff upper lip?
ikr lolz ....he come out of no where
Huge ethical quagmire in that article. Intolerance of intolerance. Social media as whipping boy. Hm indeed.
Home improvement weekend day two.
I do
Is your Twitter account ok? Getting lots of ads for weight-loss products, suddenly.
yeah tell her to back off. my mom was annoying to me and it didn't get her very far... lol
Today has not been my day. Off to the gym to grind it out.
Funny, I've just been tweeting this very thing.
yeah I know , she's the best 😍
well almost happened ...bout as close as its gonna get
Technicality or no, Im psyched Braun will suit up and hit the field for the start of the 2012 season.
Lol oh hush
come by booth 845, we're there with
In my way to see life as we know it
RT : Like said, keep fighting. There's still time. We're going to keep up the effort for better
Do not look down on me for ordering a cosmo for dessert. Do not.
Sup guys just a little update we just recently got Will Taylor back and we have about 8 songs in the making right now maybe more. And...
have fun at work! :)
Today was sick. The streets were filled, bar were packed, everyone was out. It felt like a summer day. Summer summer summer summer time
Adele looks so gorgeous tonight!! Congratz
well of course I do, I even remember what it means!
S/O to DirtIrvEnt for comin out tonight. Got a new promotions deal. New teaser reel real soon. Hit me up
Why does everyone hate Griffin now?
No , but like seriously , I need a new gym partner.
RT : #cloudforce Kundra talking about disruption and social revolution underway in tech
You'll Never! Be me, so stop trying ; your loosing time to find Yourself...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BRA you're a Cinco De Mayo baby - Shots & Dranks 2nite
Do good and do well. Rey Ramsey
You got that shit that somebody would look for but won’t find
My stupid dimples!!!
O boy this is great!
ENTREES - ATLANTIC SALMON eggplant puree, seared greens, feta and sundried tomato dressing
I knew the Bulls weren't gonna do anything with that 51 seconds ... That's game ..
AROMA THERAPY !! WHO WOULD HAVE THOUGHT IT WAS THAT EASY Check these guys out
If you spend word for word with me, I shall make your wit bankrupt.— Thurio, The Two Gentlemen of Verona by William Shakespeare
Come back to #rva often please. I'll buy you all post show beers.
Hope you're having a rad birthday! Thanks for you RDS love!
RT as the New Year approaches, what are you going to do differently with exercise and health?
I don't think Mrs. Fitch knows what it means to "have 5 on it"
damn that sucks how did u break it:O
Got enough sun to start lying about my ethnicity.
It shall be one of those weekends: good times, good people & good drinks.
Excited for dinner and #AgTalk with my fellow ladies of #agriculture!
just ordered your book online---thrilled at your success....Dream and Lady Vols fan
sometimes I warch trash tv... Sometimes...
A recurring theme in my life: Me: "Dad, do you have this album?" Dad: "Yes! I have it on vinyl." #needarecordplayer 😞
Jammin to some music
Do you have time/place? of Tea party protest to NAACP?
what sort of shift are the O's using today?
Thanks for joining us! RT Special thanks to and for an awesome webinar on giving circles!
those are super cute!
So hungry right now...who's eating what right now? I wanna see pictures so I can figure out who's house I'm going to.
The Gin Blossoms play on in outlet stores across America.
Cheating and lying, things that I never thought a man would ever do to me even after a second chance.
ohh:/ does she have a Twitter?
my 1 year old niece playing JUST DANCE 3. ah I LOVE MY FAMILY : )
sing WAITING FOR TONIGHT!! WOAAHHHOHHH!
no I didn't. We walked in during the middle of ur matches agianst naperville north. You played them first right?
Lmao thank u I'll be fine Shaynna!!!!!! I won't freeze to death
Congratulations to (and our friend ) on Best New Startup of 2011!
Lol!! Thanks, Heather (: She's mah sweet angel<3
why you like Doan?!
Lovin that its still warm out at 10
Yes! Our 1000th tweet. Thank you to our followers & writers for making our jobs the best ever! Experience music & celebrate life tonight!
Countdown Tampa SPEAK NOW !
Happy Belated Easter to you too!
Who's going to be our 100th like? Hmm...
Not from here and headed to Bible Study.
I saw this post yesterday, wasn't sure what it was all about. Thanks for clearing it up.
Beautiful Beyonce Knowles turns 30 today. Her present to herself was getting pregnant. Nice.
I'm starting to confuse tumblr with real life. I was reading an article for homework expecting a meme and couldn't find the punchline.
Its pretty cold lol
RT RT Bar Louie is offering a complimentary shuttle to Summerfest each Thurs-Sun... stop down after 3pm for a ride!
Private Coaching in LA. On-line sessions available for students around the world! Call (323) 620-6951 for an intro session!
#BAZINGA still awake. Last final in an hour an a half. Then getting my nails done hair done everything did.
advantage of working from home - I'm sitting on my porch with my laptop. :-)
You know it! Crunch time in #YBH - have to avenge the fiasco of winning two straight years.
Body Electric on Melrose !!! Tell Mike G that Poundcake sent you in!!!
yeah that's true... That's good u had fun.... How's life and how's ur mom been?
S/o for the follow. All about the music
haha thanks just me n my mom live there;D
thank you
Maybe today is … #Thwordsday?
Lol. I know sum who do. It always amazes me. They will have over 500 victories in 9 years as a head coach. HUH??? SMH!
I need my PIC back this year! Please tell me you'll be making an appearance??
Late presents are awesome :) I got the prettiest ring and necklace
Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional.
HA! Love it.
Free health screenings for AU faculty and staff in the East Quad Building today until 12:30. Very awesome!
Lets set up a skype time!!! We miss the family!
Bacon is bacon Eggs are eggs Don't let a guy get between your legs He saysyou're cute he says you're fine Nine months later he says not mine
hi Dan! *waves from america*
thanks. We had one in Santa Barbara. Doh....
Praying for God to move in all the details - How is baby Kevin?
- Shout to my birthday girl please? :)
thanks for the follow advice. And not yet Friday!
I love love me by
flashback friday
#iwannaknowwhy evrybody think they got some damn haterz... ppl ask ur self- "am I worth hating on?"- most likely not. Lol. W.O.R.D.
just applied for a CSS position and am currently manning the circ desk at Pretty good day thus far.
It's Friday, tweeps! Raise your mouse if you've had a long week!
I'm greatt!!! Haha!! Thanks for asking!
Research milestone: added 3,700 brand-related contacts to The List Online in August, pushed total # of contacts tied to a brand to 26,800
Bitch I’m the bomb like tick tick
So glad you're coming to Salsa Scream October 27-October 30 - it is going to be the hottest salsa halloween party around!
When your ex likes one of your comments on fb is so funny. Nosey bitches.
Happy endings are just stories that haven't finished yet
going over my notes from DLF, ELUNA and OR for a "trends update" tomorrow. yikes, lotta notes
Script for theatre, ugh.
Are you a #cambridge #nonprofit? You should apply for beneficiary $$ @ Taste of Cambridge! We have copy of the app, DM if you're interested
No problem!
RT : registration at early bird rate ends May 15!
#FreeBandsFriday is finnally here i ant going to sleep gotta get them bands ready
After it Ends is running for president. After it Ends 2012.
How are comps going, LISonauts?
Tschumi: the manifesto is a contract that the undersigned make between themselves and society. (Nice.)
Great to take Amsterdam historic dike walk and end with Automatiek. ..and hello Jasper ..we met at MW2011.
bullpuckey, we were FREEZING. Cant believe you were on a bike!
Celtics are looking much better!! Leggooo!
if this is real blood and you really did cut yourself I'm sorry but that's not cute
that's some tough love...
I love #drag queens! The world would be. oh. so. boring. without them! xoxo, Downtown
What a privilege to see death via "social media." I can choose to look away. I could just go shopping, right? Retail therapy, it's called..
I would agree that his work is overrated.
Safety car making epic drive look less impressive.
You're hot! Thx for tweeting www.makingdolikemama.com. Sorry for the late holler-back. How's your novel? Mwah!
BTW..I have never been able to lie.. Give myself away cuz I giggle or smile..even I fib:-)
OMG you are NOT a barbie so just stop it please none of my barbies looked like yo ass when I was growing up...lol
I GOT A NEW NUMBER..if i knw you and you want it hit the old number and ill give it
Gonna reify the fuck out of this Wasteland.
i refuse to resort to passive aggressive tweets in this matter... that's as close as i'll get. there, done.
Yes Boo
Yes please do! Have fun!
Once UFGT is over you better start tweeting VG NEWS CEO 2012 etc lol. See you in a week man.
In the library #gross :/
#2011icf #David Peterson insights: Coaching works...Time to outcome seems to be the biggest variable...
This girl in my class >>>
Who should we follow on twitter?!
All my dm's are just spams -.-
yeah its so good. but they only sell it at taco bell =[
Serving as director and NABTalk Editor for National Association of Bankruptcy Trustees
Is offering beautiful products that consumers love enough to justify Apple's market cap? ://econ.st/GHz1CJ via
Happy Thanksgiving! Thank you for allowing us to be part of a better you!
Thanks for the follow, lovely lady. You are an inspiration to me. xoxo
Saw my future husbands today <3
MSU AD Mark Hollis in statement: "Coach Izzo is more than a basketball coach. He positively impacts everything he touches."
In need of books on Narratives, everything really (theory, psychology, etc) please send me links or an email
Hello Alabama!!! #LongestDriveEver Thankfully Mr. D (Austins Grandfather) likes to drive :D
IM SINGLE CUZ I REFUSE TO PUT UP WITH BULLSHIT!
hahah I'll add u to list of ppl that will make that an excuse if lebron wins title...compact season he got stronger...
1 hour delay tomorrow:) so happy to sleep in!!!!!
missed ya last night. What'd the doc say?
The roasted beans are ground and brewed in order to create that drink we call Coffee!
Your high school sounded badass. Were you focused on music there?
Photos: Alan Mayberry
Happy Birthday Channing Tatum!!!!
“: Looks like the GOP primary should go to penalty kicks. Better way to decide thanall these primaries” who would pull a Fergie?
Today I was so hungry lol
we play spurs
All work is easy work...
Then go with green. Better safe than sorry on such a drunken evening.
everyone should challenge themselves and take risks because those are the memories that you are going to remember.
I'm about to drop my website early next month! Actors, Screenwriters, bloggers, post freely directly to Hollywood studios. The biz!!!
Dont be jealous. Extra super secret pocket. RT : It always weirds me out when girls keep their cellphone between their boobs.
You're so booze driven and I fucking hate it.
Just got excused from jury duty due to client interests, after sitting thru 2 days of jury panel questioning.
To me, the most important activity that an art work can provoke is the activity of thinking. – Thomas Hirschhorn
That goal came seconds after Oakland had a breakaway chance of their own.
Sorry to miss it! RT : Post-#FranCamp - where r u?
RT : Day 59 of 60 in FL's 2012 Legislative Session. To quote Speaker Cannon..."Bills are dying!!!!"
Are you currently seeking cheap coach bags Bags : jimzenobia
amen Xochitl, amen
Does anyone else feel a little queasy when they have to look at the words "Paid iPad"? Like staring at red-and-green stripes.
A heart attack was my first guess.
yaaaay! so s'up?
Tennis with Mama Carole today...wish me luck.
He is a #cunt then. If i had it i'd give it to ya. I don't have that 1 here it's in Ireland, my bro has it.
S/0 to for making this a great day !
"No I don't wanna live that way, give into every word you say"
Overheard "who needs a bloody Mary when you have "
some people should learn how to spell. not to be mean, but mispelling a word in every sentence you type, and to be in the 9th grade..
Getting ready for Inn Group meeting. We have a GREAT group and will be sharing ideas about how to use Twitter effectively in our businesses
Bombay when drunk
If I was POTUS I'd have Jeff Neely head the secret service. We'd have raging parties everywhere I went.
I'm bored and hungry! Lol.
Gym babe with a bedazzled iphone.. gotta love it!
i honestly think its annoying how arrogant people ALWAYS talk about themselves...well...isn't that the meaning of arrogant? of course... :P
I honestly want to cry because had to come home. They deserve more time in Australia. RT if you agree
Fellow me
Another storm..
on here seem like you haven't
A lot of people give advice about things they've never done... yet they have all of the answers for you and your situation. Haha. Get ReeL!
An over saturation of vampires, superheros, and zombies at AFM. Seriously can we be more creative than that?
Don't let his idiocy mess with you. Relax, he just doesn't know any better.
Me && are getting ready for the show tonight at #ReserveLounge COME OUT!!
#sacscoc Network is up and down so will tweet while I can.
Is the place to be in Greensboro, NC!
Long time no snail mail,forgot stamps peel off now & envelopes require moisture, where's that ungrateful cat...wait, here's a child.
haha well of you could see this 💤💤💤💤 it means I'm super tired and I'm going to sleep lol goodnight bfranny
Just drove by Jay Leno in one of his classic cars at Griffith Park
Pretty sure Im not getting nothing on Honors Day :((
No clip for Cult yet. Matt Davis and Jessica Lucas are the reasons I want to check it out
I was cracking UP. Lol. "See, this is for kobe too."
Comedic gold happening now. royal & st phillip.
I love the rain!
Your Welcome!! :) xoxo
it was a bitch but I managed to do most of the FRQs . I think I did alright. Not so sure if I passed though. Maybe
Tyler , The Creator is one crazzyy dude.
People really need to stfu & stop making shit up. Like gtfoo with that shit. Grow up kid.
“: People that "feel smarter" when wearing glasses tend to become more studious and in turn, do better in school”
i can't wait to eat my whole wheat banana bread at work today!
9 gotta be there early
Hey! Thanks for the mention! When can I order Fresh Tips? :)
Need WSF help. If I buy a 10-use vehicle pass for the Vashon-Fauntleroy route, does it work for Tahlequah-Point Defiance too?
frisbee time in central park with
want to come over and see pups on Saturday? They are officially three months old Friday.
keep that wristband as a momento dear :)
got one very similar to the site. But in navy. Fits like a glove but needs alteration. Even platforms aren't enough. :(
haha your responses to some of these tweets are so funny!
please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 18
Dance Moms!!!!!! but I still miss Abby😢😞
when i get home i'm going straight to bed
lol. to late. im not crying anymore. (:
RT : Amazon USA #35248 House Cleaning Tips: How to Clean and Declutter Your Home Fast: Sherrie Le Masurier. Do you en......
it's all about the burgers & brews. We'll see you soon!
duh everyone know :P jk
#Theawkwardmomentwhen you get hit on by a Guy but his friend is the one doing all the talking
yup. and everything RDJ does.
so cute! Love the blouse cut.
Robert and whatshisface are being mean.
Our philosophy is that every bride deserves to be a princess and to have her wedding dreams realized.
You'll be missed. What's next for you? MT : I am no longer covering the nonprofit world other than tying off a few loose strings.
Not many people follow the school bus rules. This should not have happened to that child.
Hello La Salita Nation! We hope you're enjoying your fill of Shredded Beef, or rellenos, or stuffed sopas, or tacos, or enchiladas...
Saw Karl's photos--she's amazingly beautiful!!
#spjmadisontraining What do you disagree with in what we are saying?
hahaha that's what's up bro. I'm from Shreveport
lmao frankie u suck bro hit me up or just come over moms crib and get that ass beat 2k style
You guys make me cry RT : #imagine Troy singing to you as you fall slowly asleep in his lap;)
Watching the Bucks & SeniorGee! always crack me up!!
It's a misnomer. All construction jobs are "temporary."
I feel AWESOME. 🎈
“: Did you study for the test? Nerd: "All week long". Normal people: "I read the chapter". Me: "What test?!”---> ME!!!!
What probs do you have with our IPhone app... did you install the new version with video...
10 little secrets - skin care
Was this on our website? if so, Forums is open to subscribers only due to the sensitive nature of some posts.
IT'S 11:11 AND MY WISH IS TO MEET YOU AT YOUR LA CONCERT!!!!!!
Was attempting to think of something clever, but i've had some holiday wine, and not feeling creative, so: Merry christmas, everyone. :)
"Broken but beautiful - like this we love, like the world you loved." ::luke brindley::keep me in your heart::
If we can't decipher student writing, should we grade assuming coherent thought behind incoherent writing? Or grade what's there?
No inspiration to get up......
thankyou jordan for making me happy :)
thanks, Jason! Been here two years and love it.
Or praying on bended knee, or pointing to the sky God ie Tebow
Yeah I just bought an NuCharge phone case. PROBLEM OFFICER?
Long Live the Rock!
That's beautiful, going to RT! :) Perhaps our prayer-app would be of interest to you: www.birdofprayer.org
interesting ride ill say
Update from karting's Florida Winter Tour... RT : On the pole again in DD2 Rotax. Lots of fun in the rain.
Do you not know what Death in Venice is? Google it, then try and tell me that Usher as Gustav and Justin Bieber as Tadzio isn't hilarious.
Around Sacramento, Ca. Promoting "SNO" Clothing, Stay Tuned New Mens Tee Shirt Coming soon. www.SnoClothing.com
If bubble wrap surrounds stuff in packages what surrounds bubble wrap?
good, I think I got second in the heat, you?
Working on some TV concepts for a Network... very exciting...
Jocelyne touched my booty :o creep !
Naysayers: I live in North Carolina and I assure you that had the President come out in favor of SSM before Am. 1 would have still passed.
We hope to see you! RT : hope to make it in for brunch before I leave town tomorrow. :-)
Yanks are losing
If you want to achieve a high goal, you're going to have to take some chances. -Alberto Salazar
revenge is awesome!>:D
Sip wine @ WSWB & help the world :) RT : The problem with the world is that everyone is a few drinks behind. - Humphrey Bogart
People who use metaphors and similes are as annoying as fingernails scratching against a chalkboard.
MTV has gone from Music television to Maternity Television.
Thanks! It's not official yet (no contract or paperwork submitted yet), but I have full intentions on competing.
you rock!
awww I'm okay in that department... not great (can't draw worth shit) but I can handle
He said, you ain't no good, but you feel so good. He said, I know you bad.. but I want you bad.. but I gotta leave you alone..
Happy Monday to all my followers! Twitter hugs to all of you. May we all have a productive week!
#GandB The BEST reality tv! - real love, real emotions & real life. Dio benedice la sua famiglia!
yo I'm n NC
i'll be in NYC next weekend! you around?
I'm entering the context too!! My other twitter is
Let me rephrase. Rather than pix , shocking in terms of confession, intent or leaving $$, deeds, certificates
oohhhhhh is on 's late late show tonight! I frikkin' love that guy and his pointy fingers :-)
I thought about you all day today, but that is nothing new. I did the same yesterday and I'll do it tomorrow, too.♥
You and need to vacay here & we can get in all sorts of trouble.bourbon distilleries and karaoke.
Had a great time at the Colony South Hotel Bridal Show yesterday. Looking forward to wedding planning and preparations for our new brides.
My legs feel like jelo. Too much physical exercise.
So glad to be watching the #scandal encore. Missed it the first time. It's AWESOME!!!
As someone who works for an EHR company, I'm obligated to say yes. :) However, there's more to it than just EHRs
:) RT Any child or old or sick person who's dying wish is to trend on twitter prolly deserves what's coming to them.
With my love get'n some food then relaxing for the night .. Spring Fling Festival Tomorrow NIGHT in Long Beach, BE THERE !
#failedmcdonaldproducts In the Chicagoland-Jordan Era: The Beef Wennington.
searching for plans for my students
Certainly not! Kids and massive amounts of caffeine are always the perfect combo!
The Lord is compassionate & gracious, slow 2 anger,abounding in love.He'll not always accuse, nor will He harbor his anger 4ever. Ps103:8-9
Hi, how are you? Please follow me, I would do the best day of all. That's my biggest dream, please. It is only a button.-71
I always get caught up in people talkin about how things used to be, even though I know its not gonna be like that again.
Songs we are performing for Don Waz and Mad Mike(pimp my ride) The Riddle and Crazy Love
anyway, good night friends, just me and the little guy tomorrow, its gonna be 80 I wanna swim! where can I accomplish this besides d lake?
Oh so YOU brought the rain? ;) lol RT : it was rainy days at the end of my trip! Yeah chk it out! Hit me back!
when I #duckhunt the only thing that dies is an annoying laughing dog.
San Antonio followers come to my house and buy a BBQ plate! we can meet each other. And if your a hot girl I can rape you ^_^
"Like the picture not the link" um no i have a god dam right to like watever the fuck i want.
What the hell is happening to you?
": No words." Wtf happened man. This is so upsetting.
sweet, will check those out. thanks!
ooh I want to see pics! You rock that cut
big theme in L.A. Literature.
Trying to priceline hotel rooms for upcoming East Coast shows. Thank heavens for priceline.
5 months ago I was told I had a brain tumor. Now I have been told it has spread. Please pray for me.
whaddup dude ? How's life ?
Follow my potato? ILY and ill follow you back :)
#first40songsonshuffle #10 The Wizard and I - Wicked
can't tell you how much i appreciate your feedback on !
Haha nice! I had some left overt tostadas <3 where would you wanna go? I think I'm leaving to see my mom soon
Just had a great meeting with the Roundtable for Young Executives. If you're interested in joining give me a shout for more details.
I love the Rain <3 As long as it does not ruin my plans its all good.
Rabies! That shot is awful, run for your lives!
Motion city soundtrack rules my life. Favorite band ever.
I wanna have a bon fire. But my class is so seperated. Lowkey cliqy
I have that disease where I want to jump out of my car and take pictures of people wearing turbans when I see them walking down the street.
a lot of drunkenness at my bro wedding lol
I earned the Dedicated badge on Lose It!
theology's purpose is to bring godly peace, joy, and faith through practical, deep, and disciplined understanding of God through the Bible.
#FF my bro
data viz: helping people see how they fit into systems
oooohhhhh yeeeaaaaah! Cheers to a relaxing day!
Khan’s Bar and Grill
Weird Al and Liz Lemon, together on 30 Rock - What could be better? : )
Refer a friend to Lee Silsby and both new and current customer get a $30 Amazon.com gift card each. Check LeeSilsby.com for more details.
Running a 5k in Des Moines this morning.
Goggling "shawarma" restaurants near me...
#yomomma so ugly she turned medusa into stone
Working on Standard of Ur photos for our new video
This better not be a three way tie
Men kick friendship around like a football, but it doesn't seem to crack. Women treat it like glass and it goes to pieces.
great season, man!
I'm bringing you back something pretty :)
We've extended the #TuesdayThrowdown! Send us your Best Drink Name & automatically earn $5 in Poggled Bucks!
Dr. Bennett will announce state-wide results for the first IREAD-3 test today. More updates to come!...
#SO to Dane County Boys & Girls Club for raising over $100k tonight at Hearts For Helping. It was a great event!!
When I'm in my idgaf mode, Niecey does watever niecey wants to do..
Merry CHRISTmas everyone!!! I will be cramming in presents along with art all this week. Just gotta snap out of my current state of mind.
Like from #ANTM? (: Love her!
That would explain why customers keep asking me out.
I have a headache 😒
The world just rewarded me by placing a boston market on the way to Lily's. Cornbread for everyone!!!
About to go enjoy a nice bromance night with the homies over !
its all good.. enjoy your night..
On my way to the Heat House.
haha. I was confused. Silly me.
This is just like before......wtf
Sing something from Camp Rock PLEASE !! #NickJChat 1
The truth is, Its pointless
They're good. And you can eat like five of them without feeling like shit about it... Maybe that's just me.
To remove grease and odor from your dishes, add a tablespoon of vinegar to hot soapy water.
cool, just keep me posted
Murray needs stop playing well. My bracket can't handle it.
Please welcome Emmaa_Sheeran to the Max life
Holy Jeebuss! I'm sickened . . . But not shocked.
We're fated to pretend...to pretend.
I'll do some more #wouldyou tomorrow... Goodnight tweeters
you guys look hot :)
Heat. No doubt.
Good morning:)
I rather stay in the house then to be hot and shit Fuck that
I hate seeing Jody from Soap become Bob Hope.
Niall!!!! follow she only has 48 hours to live she is fighting cancer! Please Niall! Please!!!!! <333
Awww she's a hoe ,and she says she's a "virgin"
": Kim Kardashian was using her marriage for pub the whole time. She's a jersey chaser & a hustler! She's all about the $$$"
Thx for the shout out , we just got our first #innotech exhibitor cell phone donation, from Advantix
Agreed. He doesn't believe me, though! So thought I'd ask, just in case there's something for mostly static pages.
Oops, just remembered I need to buy mother's day card...
Don't forget to join & at 4PM today for Modern Family Meal Solutions at our Fremont Store!
ok i followed > so do i tweet him
HEARTBROKEN! Absolutely devastating way to end the season :( Congrats on the win though
Trying to be productive today.
My sister told me i was curious while eating a meatball and I said, "yeah I'm curious about tasting balls"
We enable people to be great at marketing
I need to have an itemized talk with my kids about how the world is full of idiots like Derbyshire
At olive garden with Brandon <3
#100ThingsiHate when people have stank breath.
Subway is clearly for lovers.
When you get a penis picture that you didn't ask for and dude have the nerve to be on flat, isn't that one of the
People want to kno why i dnt tlk to a lot of old friends .... I simply just dnt fuk wit fake hoes...
This is exactly what i am talking about. RT: grabbed his shiznit.Hightailing it back to LI. Stopping@ the
Whats the name of it and edition?
im having to delete every file I have for the third time in three days. Is any kind of fix coming?
you go to Vegas huh?
If you figure that out, let me know. The words that come to my mind are "Traffic Nightmare".....
Beautiful spring day in NYC! Who's going to go out there and shoot it?
Happy birthday #libchat. You don't look a day over 0.
“: We salute John Glenn, the first American to orbit the Earth, today on the 50th anniversary of his historic launch... .”
Matthew Jensen of the shares with CNN details from the amazing rescue of 3 children after a car slid into an icy river in Utah
Doe it make me a super creep if I added his girlfriend cause I wanted to see what inspire his beautiful music? If it does than I dont care:)
anyone had and good/bad experiences with #crowd #design marketplaces such as #fiverr #crowdspring #99designs or #designcrowd?
yes.. Yes it is. But then she blames us for not passing spanish 😒
Testicular envy rears its ugly head.
Good Monday Morning, Jay! Thanks for the Mention! ;)
" - love is following me!!! they have def motivated me!!! love em! :)"
Everyone follow
The Aquifer tonight peeps. Houston's own Kyle berg and myself on the decks. Party starts at 10p.m.
what am i watching ? O:
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH I LOVE YOU!!!!!!
The touchscreen on my phone died on Wednesday, gotta get a new phone...
your belief he mysteriously became unfunny is mind-boggling to me.
Roses are red, violets are blue. Donuts are sweet... and so are you! (awww...)
Head down to the Annual Summer Sale on 4th Ave today. Wohoo shopping day!
I'm going to take a nap in a little bit! I still need my sleep! :]
Everybody's the same color with the lights off
We wan't to kwow all the " Doers" out there ! Tell us what you do?
i keep seeing commercials for it and then dying all over the place, but my computer sucks so i'm resisting...for now...
You may need to start labeling your tweets "NSFW"!
Got some good hours in at work today :)
Keep watching to see Lauren makin' some truffles
What are they called??
all day primetime
Why do sharks get their own week? Is anyone really that excited about sharks?
I was at the table with ma fraand & okay
“We’re all learning here; the best listeners will end up the smartest.” Charlene Li, Social Media expert
Whitney We Will Always Love You. You Were Truly Every Woman!
Did you ever think you'd be getting interviewed on ESPN? You look great! Can't wait to see Money Ball. Congrats, guy.
Football is back...Courtroom style. Appeal in 8th circuit starts today.
lol ur smart haha no one ever thinks my name is olivia even though my username is olive oil #Stupidppl lol jk
We have a groundhog up in a tree in our backyard...
What word starts with a p and ends in orn
I preach good shampoo rotation as much as the next straight guy, but these days I'm sticking with Garnier Fructis. It's a darn good 'poo.
cats are annoying. at least mine is
Over 5k activists, and 150 new volunteers, join for a conference call! We're looking good...but more work to come!
Spent 3 hours today unearthing our house from the snow ... got 18 inches here, huge drifts all over.
I just drove from Racine to Milwaukee without brakes using my parking brake to stop....WHEW......Thank God I Made It
We miss u too!
Today has been a long and productive day for our company.Giving away some free give aways at check it out! Email us!
Mirna is extremely knowledgeable in Social Media and is teaching some rockin courses
I know you don't like it when I say "last" to every last thing we do but suck it up Jose. It's our Last Comm Banquet. Drinks!
Debating whether to brave this rain for Quality Meats or go home.
These I do. But I hear them all the time!
Jessica Simpson takes heat for pregnancy weight gain
Its not me its you
I'm babysitting...lol were playing school
your so fake why are you trying to be someone your not?
Oh Mexican Coke, no border fence could keep us apart.
hello, i see your a management company and if you need any professional photography done for your artist please let me know
Woo hoo! : Woo hoo for my bracket!
Headaache all day , now gotta finish this stupid project . I wish I could kick the teachers face !
Dear #SteveJobs, Thank you for everything. RIP Jae Sent from iPhone
nothing tricky bout it...Kansas get it together for the love of God!
Or guys text you that you haven't talked to in years & want to meet up. :)
literacy: the ability to understand, navigate, and leverage formal or informal information systems
Damn I think Satan himself came walking through my hood
food tip-No "curly" bacon 4 breakfast when U dip it in2 cold water before frying.
is getting ready to take mirabel for her vet check (she'll LOVE that).
i am jealous !
Next time i'll remember not to text you back or trust you (:
Somtimes, people know us better than we actully know ourselvs. And those are the people that will make all the difference in our lives. <3
OMG YOU FINALLY SAID BELIEBERS <33333333
you won't break 100 ... Chop.
Um, Santorum? What have you voted for AND believed in?
Starting to feel drafty in here
I believe this Whaley fellow might be able to balance our books!
What goes around comes around twice as hard Gudmorning twitter world
I have a life, it's probably about time you realize this & get back to finding your "life", instead of implying that i don't .
RT Another thing that separates the Beasties from other artists: owning up to their youthful ignorance
The difference between genius and stupidity is; genius has its limits.
I put my trust in you.. pushed as far as I could go.
For a few more days, try our current slice of the week: thinly sliced pancetta, fresh tomatoes, and ricotta.
Etta James-RIP
#favmovielines ''Now let's hear one of those jokes, bitch." --Mike Lowery, "Bad Boys"
Um yeah.
We would be delighted to send you some! Please send your address to Catherine Shawki at
focus!! Haha I hope you have a great day. :)
there's nothing sadder than knowing someone is lying when they do it.
$75 off Permanent Makeup in Seattle/Bellevue area! Before and after photos coming soon...www.AdvancedSkinandBodySolutions.com 425-643-5772
that would be a HELLSYEAH! I am taking my niece for her first adventure. Its sorta a family tradition
On Platform Heritage for Exxon finally. Had a great week end, time with my kids, church and quite time with the wife
Some old dude said this park looks like Wrigley...I punched him the face and stole his Coors light.
i still think you are ready to audition, Im just trying to think of it as another class, ,but w strangers, and scarier ;p
always a pleasure to share the stage with you at the
We in Kentucky hope that Jones joins UK. We also hope you join UK as well!
wana come follow our show april 1st in poughkeepsie new york with a ton of big names? email me at
It is a difficult step to take on our ego. It is an honor of the soul to do so.
thanks for the chat this morning erin! and for being a good sport!
I love using shoeboxed and evernote to capture everything that I can later search. I'm not obsessed with categorizing anymore.
Age shall not weary them, nor the years condemn.
did u like it? Still need to pick mine up.
But you better believe you're gonna fly with me.
Big updates coming later about our BIG launch party week! We're abuzz with good news! (haha, hive pun!)
A major, but unrelated, insight sprung out of today's personal blue screen of death day.
He who has a why to live can bear almost any how. ~ Friedrich Nietzsche
why can't tomorrow come faster!
such a girl thing to say. :)
: President Obama: Today, I can report that, as promised, the rest of our troops in Iraq will come home by the end of this year.
Time to return home from parade and I REALLY miss my car right now.
Very interesting interactive map RT : Dadaab: city of refugees - interactive
Lover.ly Makes Wedding Planning Simple
come here kitty kitty kitty :)
Happy mifflin folks. Ill be at work if you need me....
Woahh bipolar weather up in huuur..it was fricken hott today, tomorrow it will be cold. Sick
hope it's late nov! I won't be there till at least the middle of the month at the earliest!
Who's poised to win on your #MarchMadness bracket?
Talk about life-changing moment.
My life never goes as expected...it goes way better! So happy today!
that's on the list for this weekend.
Soccer in the AM! :)
That's the spirit, ! A friendship based on blame. Love it.
River Ridge School District referendum up 375-319 with 10 of 13 precincts reporting
See what happens, #mntwins, when you get rid of Nick Punto AND the battery's eye trees?? Doom.
So as of today a lot finna change real shit
RT : YOU'RE THE BEST CLUB AND I LOVE YOU
The couple had left their apartment a block away from the Balinese because the roof was caving in.
Watching the #Plyo disco for #Insanity....that shit looks rough
How can people not like Jimi Hendrix?
you are Awesome!
except for when they do.
RT“: Live life fearlessly. Yes, you may be putting everything on the line. Yes, accidents and mistakes will happen.”
cool cool. I can dig that. And I'm guessing the other depends on how well the dates going:)
Suzanne is the name, breaking vending machines is my game
the dream team! if they don't win the super bowl that's a dissapointment for philly I'll say that much!
": I salvaged our friendship.He was close to losing me"<-- good now vote for me for the MLL All-Star game
Thanks for the ReTweet! I appreciate it. www.timhovde.com
That's a bummer.
I'm excited!
Yes, actually. :) We've seen your work.
Who is hiring? This ex-Meteor Solutions marketing ninja is looking for a new landing page!
I looked back at him and said "Yess Baby, Its Real!!!!"
My gma neighbor call her baby so now we call him baby wen we talk about him lml😜
Working on new dance song, finishing up with music video this weekend. Stay tuned!
Crit Thinking Wk 5: Perception and recognition of auditory stimuli, memory, and speech are associated with the Temporal Lobe.
Nice Sound!!! Will add to my collection! Best Regards! Eric
and I shall visit you too ! :) Ireland! :D
Ok never mind was right. Correia sucks more than a drunk Lacee Collins at the Clevelander
"Be very careful to...serve Him with all your heart & all your soul." - Joshua 22:5
Love Coronado already!
are 911 calls confidential? just asking bc as i try to get mine optioned the la emergency publisher says rights don't revert back to me.
Recovery from bad year end review. D3 seeks insurance coverage litigation paralegal candidate for immediate temp to hire/direct hire opport…
Top of the morning to each everyone mi good frens TGIF to you....
Ok did i really just see a cop with stuff animals in the back window of the police car....lmao...wow...who does that???
You are a better man than I. I was purposely looking slutty & riding that bull at Saddle Ranch. Please don't tell anyone.
sleep time noooooooooooowwwwwwwwwwwwwww
HardDrive is not. MAC formatted. WINDOWS 7 recognizes the HD but wont let me 'Open' it.
instead im listening to music and doing my nails!!
RT : With cell phone network congestion set to worsen, #UN urges rapid #broadband growth
"A Lannister always pays his debts"
omg stop it! The one with ?! That's hysterical!!
After Jezebel snarked on STIUTK as a "crap letter from a dude," I loved Gotye more.
We're shredding your personal documents today! FREE w/ a small food donation to The Storehouse, 8000 Palomas NE (Wyoming & Paseo) until 1pm!
Just created LinkedIn company page 'Brausse Group'. Go follow if you're on LinkedIn. Machine videos and promos updated there.
Dog's food poisoning = very little sleep. Important lesson: when dog wakes u up at 3am and wants to go out, TAKE HIM.
awesome ! Have a safe trip! A couple of my buddies are going but I decided work :(
RT : #HEATfam : 2nd That RT Always excited to see my dude getting some shine......
'Go Bears' has now become a trending topic for the middle Georgia region.
Thank you, Red Cross! RT : In support of those affected by the Navy Aircraft, the Red Cross has assisted 37 individuals...
Perrin, don't judge all Kentucky fans by his music. Please.
#expchat BIGGER pools and kid-free zones, a pilates studio, an outdoor movie theater to watch under the stars!
there's different sections tho if it's like that then I got m&g hopefully
Congratulations Dawgs, Outright Pac-12 champs!
you should do a review on us! :)
I loved Garret's glasses!
pretty good, wbu?
tell Clark I said haaiiii ~
I'll be on pottermore while all of you are at school
I like that Slayer's singer called out Metallica for trying to be cool. Too many bands get away with below average music these days.
Pastel. Pastel everywhere.
Congratulations Giants! Hell of a
Open today at 1:30 for IU Big Ten Tourney game-game starts at 2:00. #beer, #pizza &
did you kick his butt?
we have snow here!!! It's winter for real now!
Ah, Red Saturday. The day when we all put leftover Thanksgiving cranberries on our breakfast cereal.
Find myself saying "it's not as funny as Step Brothers" a lot. The bar is set.
Only 11 more to go! Get us to 600 "likes" and the new song will be posted! It's pretty awesome so tell a friend or two about us!!
Listened to two episodes tonight. Great recommendation. The recent one about lucid dreaming freaked me out a bit.
Golf in the morning, turkey feast in the afternoon, football all day, Charger blackout lifted, I'm thankful!
OOPS! That was suppose to be not FL
why aren't they showing more ladies????
This boy is so rude.
It's always a bad idea studying with the computer on...
I do not know why but today is boring twitter
Yes! Walking away from the abusers is hard, but life is so much better & stressfree once you do it!
gorgeous yacht fashion.
Need something to do tonight.
In tweetdeck, it's a field you can type offensive words into, so tweets containing those words never appear in your timeline.
that is about as cool as Lebron jumping over a human to dunk
If someone doesnt realize your worth its cause they arent worth it
Takeaway from ArtClix: Android dev complicated by vendor/carrier implementations. Build your own And. tools for best effect.
I see artist promoting release dates but never see them on the charts. All great record label R great becuz of sales Inbox me 4 sales charts
what's been up with you cousin hope things are good
Soup of the Day: Beef Barley! 1/2 sandwich and soup combo now available!
because you no follow or talk to mi. hurts los feelings brah...
Diplo tonight ! Hmu for guest list!
#AskNathanCameron When am I gonna hear the previews to your EP?
I swear I'm hearing stuff right now & I have myself so freaked out 😳
You're ahead of your time, foot! RT : Every part of me should be asleep.
I'll look for it when I get home.
Anyone else;s facebook not cooperating this morning?
haha your mother sounds like a nice lady
so much
#Miami a 3 seed forced to travel to Spokane,WA for the first round? Idk how your girls are gonna fair
I'm in my mom's pc and she hasn't got the new twitter. It feels so weird, but cool anyways!!
love you too bro, are you settled in at home ?!
it is so. 13 yrs can't complain. He left on his own terms.
who we working over..hell..I don't care...just need to hit someone
How are you surviving this heat? A ice cold Guinness is keeping us going!
Today is packed! #opensource cmte mtg, see financial adviser, rental viewing, coffee date, dinner plans & more I've likely forgotten.
My sister says Google is God lol!!
go team caribian!
Dan Patrick and WGN baseball folks discussing famous Ohio U alums during Cubs broadcast. Good stuff. Yeah, I'm actually watching baseball.
true! are u still mad at ur mom 4 that? And aren't you wearing 3 Izods in that avi of yours?
LETS GO HAWKS!
that was creepy. did not like it. could not remember which piece of elementary school disaster training i was supposed to follow.
I'm not afraid to take a stand, everybody take my hand, we walk this road together through the storm, whatever weather, cold or warm.
crazy!!! Loll
Got some nice new strings on my classical guitar ready to rehearse with the Hendersonville Oasis Worship group tomorrow.
Bundle up Friday am in immediate area, bitter cold (wind chills to -20°F) to pack a bite. Expect "warmer" 20's & 30's by weekend.
Not having a fantastic technology day. Who needs computers and phones anyways?
Just curious: Is anyone using their anthropology degree to teach social studies?
where u going? I'm flying too ✈✈
Love it!!
": #GreatTimesAreComing to those who choose to have them." Exactly I choose #GreatTimes! Even better when watching #NitroCircus!
Happy St.Pattys! Dj Cyn is spinning at Copper top @ 2pm.... Lets Celebrate and get crazy!!!
Now That I Am Older My knees buckle and my belt won't.
Seminar for Actors NYC on 5/22 @ 6PM. FREE w/ paid up AFTRA card! Email for info.
Successful community match day. Thank you!
Thanks for the info!
“: suck my chode” hehe no u suck mine!
Cleveland has infrastructure? RT : Federal agents have arrested five people who were plotting to blow up a bridge in Cleveland.
I hate Tweeting under the wrong name.
Had to tweet that
Shes as bright as the Dallas sky, she always holds her head up high, she loves the company of her family.
Happy Mother's Day to me - just took an hour long nap!
so hepped up on multiple iced teas, driving back to Bmore.
<----Follow Big Country he a beast n the #UFC hes followin me he just might follow u!!!
At this rate, we're going to be trending soon
You're the 2nd person to mention that! But I guess that's the 2011, which I didn't get, sadly.
I love yo ass like the ninja turtles lovin pizza.
Day 4. Roadtrip with my son. Cares fade away.
you know I'm ready!
Hope you have a fantastic weekend as well to finish it off! :3
Baby with &#39;bucket list&#39; dies
You are very welcome. Does Metro Lexus sponsor or participate with any groups that promote entrepreneurism in NE Ohio/Cleveland?
The night accelerates when you need it most.
The 9th Year is going to be my best year yet DEMONIC!!!
Mad that Raven being a lesbian is trending! Smh
49 minutes til my Friday at work is over... but who's counting? On my last break trying ever so hard to chill my racing mind... ugghh!
#agora #SHA2012 multivocality and wiki. Truly democratic vehicle for multiple and complimentary narratives?
Yeah, this was definitely written by a Y chromosome. It has all the MCP cliches.
no way. you guys are doing Austin right!!
Congrats! Best of luck to the family!
W.e gonna bump music in my room & stay since im off tomorrow. Yeah buddy.!
Let's hope the sun shines like this on Sat for the #Dog Days of Summer! Fun w/ your 4-legged best friend. www.cantondogpark.org/
Microsoft has decided to make sure that all users of Internet Explorer are using the most current version by turning on automatic updates!!!
:) tY & Have a most awesome week
so excited!!
So take your eyes off the trigger. I'm not to blame if your world turns to black.
"omg my shorts have a rip on my butthole!!! Oh no I walked up stairs too!!! Oh no!!!" -
RT : Very cool camera demo combining face recognition, best pic burst mode, and terrific selection UI
I saw was doing his twitcam during 5th period and I wanted to cry.
new #UWM Athletic Director, Andy Geiger joins us NOW! SportsRadio
I'm gonna need a trampoline.
It’s the first day of Fall, and Summer is now officially over. Time to start drinking your #SPORTea hot instead of iced :D
Lol too many ppl RT my last two tweets...niggas crazy.
My xbox live would stop working right now..
So much Obama right now.
movin' my hips like yea.
Lefty Frizzell, "If You Got The Money, I Got The Time" = SCIENCE!!!
60 degrees all week in #NewYork! Time to get outside.
Tomorrow is Final Friday on #ArtsGrounds ! Check out Touched by Virginia at Ruffin Gallery, and the new FAVE Bar & Lounge
Yes. He is all about grassroot campaigning!
One of the hardest things in life is watching the person you love, love someone else.
I just RSVP'd for the event on October 21, 2010. Wanna come? Check it out at www.ChicagoISC.com See you there!
if we can get away with it I'm in. I'm not cut out for jail. "Where's the vaN?! The van was supposed to be here"
right on lol but chilling brow you?
That would be amazing! Thank you so much! <3
Sometime in june I think.
hey MJ, any word if Willis will pick The Big Blue?? Go Cats!!
Well this bottle of ciroc isnt going to drink itself 2 shots down who knows how much more
do you get nervous when you act? post "yes" here if you want tips on combating your nerves! and share your stories!
"If we had no winter, the spring would not be so pleasant; if we did not sometimes taste of adversity, prosperity would not be so welcome."
we might stop by for your wine tasting tonight
Im from san antonio Tx :3 USA :) I like mexico :333
Just sold my car headed to my fav dealers tommarow.have to come new.SUPPER FLOSSY!
Due to the fall &winter releases of amazing games. I will no longer be able to function as a human being as sleep will surely be missed.
Happy Mother's Day!
Watching last nites epi of The Voice. I love this show because of the family aspect. Love when some contestants bring mom and dad w/them!
I don't drink BBQ sauce in large quantities so I am not too worried :-P "Watch out for high fructose corn syrup in barbecue sauce"
And that damn song is STILL in my head.
GENIUS. That & that one moment with Thor had me in stitches. Brilliant timing.
lol my mom always tells me that too
I do not want to go to school today.
absolutely! Great meeting you as well. Looking forward to hanging at the summit!
my parents are so dramatic.
I try lol
Another day the Lord has blessed us with. Thankful for those who sacrifice their lives for the freedom of our country
:) RT : We are the weather is perfect and the wine is sublime, cheers!
We got a full week of workouts ahead at Another big weekend coming up for our players. Working to get them ready!
if u need a dj, promoter or host for any parties....let me know!!!!
I couldn't care less what Axl Rose does!
We offer clients housing referrals and and one-on-one mentoring services
oh darn <3
If I were Clay Franklin, Mo Couch is a dude I wouldn't want pissed at me.
Just got a bottle of Mountain Dew made with real sugar. Because it's important to me that nasty poison is made without corn syrup.
Wrote my last email before reading this. Promise. Talk next week.
Looking into the Healthcare Industry-The Next 5 years by and executive panel
PRC - "do I need 2 jingle that handle a little?" me - "bro, I'm not from Nashville, I have no idea what that means?!"
We're happy to hear you made plans to speak with the child care director. Sophia makes everyone feel better!
can u plzz follow me I started being a fan of u yesterday
Just finished watching that Rubio character spew on Fox News Sunday. He sends out creepy, liar-liar vibes. Sen. Deflect & Project can leave.
Aw snap son, is that Mr. Belding on #MadMen !?!? Hey hey hey what is going on here?
err when haha
Still believe next team for Peyton Manning will be one that no one is talking about. Similar to Reggie White joining
damn my ex is a ho smh sad case scenario
There are boobs on time magazine and that is all the matters.
Had mcdonalds today yum!
Encourage someone today. A little bit of encouragement goes a long way to help someone stay on their path in life.
. It's more than just the 10. Of Dels who didn't vote many were at the GA & just didn't. Also Tracy needed 51 not maj. present.
Got a new #iphone 4S yesterday. Feels just like my 4 but with Siri...
Thanks for taking the time to write up your response!
but did you find your Captain Darling?
really? That's late I think. Ours this Saturday and still need to get a dress. :/
I'll be leaving soon. Need to eat! Left tools for you, just ask the pretty ladies where they are.
GOODDOGS in the Menil parking lot until 3PM today. Kick off the fall season with the best tofu dog in town--great art and great hotdogs.
Kids spend over 16,000 hours of their life in school, yet come out failing to function in the real world.
guess you came up with an idea lol
let's do a photoshoot :)
an 3rd block..
Oh thanks! I'm 12 and it's Samantha's life but I always try to look I lt up! I NEVER find it! Brb
Old Navy Outerwear Super Sale!! All coats 50% off PLUS save an additional 30% with this coupon in stores or online!!
What have I not responded to!
it baffles my mind that Greece is anti-austerity.
How sad is this? I am drinking alone & wishing I was in SF to do all this fun stuff with you!
You might try tweeting. Just saying . . .
over here at Houston it.came on at 7:30
Good morning! Have a great Friday!
I remain confused about the sexualization of chocolate as a selling strategy. Especially terrible chocolate. #m&ms
Chillin'...I gotta eff with you & David soon.
Can't wait to go home and nap
If You Are Looking for Directions to Easy Street, Look No Further than... Thousands of internet marketers are building fortunes with onli
Welcome back! Just got to SFO myself right now although headed out instead.
Govt costs less if you pay workers less. (Ignoring consequences.) The problem solver rocket scientist crowd.
May is Southeast Asian Heritage Month. Who are your favorite Everyday Freedom Heroes?
Wow Spurs pulled off a mean run lol
@ Followers add me on facebook:) or on my youtube,:)
: Kanye and Kim hold hands at Chanel event #idgaf!
well we better be catching up soon! Come to BSU studios tm night when we're recording
always great to talk to our advisors! thanks and for all the great advice :-).
she said it very bitterly hahahahahah
it's about damn time.
Getting ready to Jason aldean >>
Aww, how cute! Happy Mother's Day! :)
yeah their whole "friendliest airport" motto is just cover for how bad that airport is
There's a bunch of accidents this morning. Not giving a shit about people makes it really hard to deal with them all, but we'll do our best.
GOOD LUCK TO MY MAIN MAN BEST FRIEND WHO IS REGULATING IN OMAHA THIS WEEKEND AT BERKSHIRE-HATHAWAY SHAREHOLDERS MEETING
Please follow me back:))?
hey guys its acimahomie !
That sucks. I would say you could use mine since I don't use it that much. I'll see if I can find something.
The best of all gifts at a birthday table is the presence of a happy family all wrapped up in each other.
fingers crossed :-) thank you
haha I will have to tell you a story. Custodians are douches.
I miss 08!.. Dat was our year!..
If you miss out on that great bargain, it's not because we didn't warn you!
Can't get what you want so your acting like a punk
Just attended the annual event put on by and - 6 years of a great event - can't wait for year 7
I'm diving into the NY Public Library's digital archives to treasure hunt. If I never make it out, I enjoyed blogging while it lasted.
it was fantastic to finally catch up at #socon12!!
lacefronts in the summertime. bum style
Thank you! tore it up :) RT Love your new icon ;) Simply beautiful ;) Hope you have a great day! ;) xo
Hi Jenn. I was wondering if I could get a birthday shout out. Thanks!
Reviewing abstracts for #ATS2012. 247 to go.
“: #EDC here we come ..tick tock ” yay!! less than a mth!! still waiting 4 the tix but SO excited :D
Name the movie: "I know who I am! I'm the dude playing a dude disguised as another dude!"
Is it too early to eat a cupcake? If you think yes, don't answer.
fascinating. could probably get lost watching this for a while if i let myself haha. thanks for sharing!
Good Luck to Senior during the 2012 Pro Soccer Combine!
iTunes Creator Leading Apple TV Development (AAPL) via
you are the biggest cry baby ever to play in the NFL! Get over yourself!!!
i learn absolutely nothing in physics.
#TIGERS LOSE! Another day, another alternate win/loss. #LeylandBall at it's best!
#Fitness #exercise Excuse of the Day: I had to work late. What's your excuse?
Gunna be a good night...freddy just shook my hand and smiled
we gotta take you on a tour of Pittsburgh while you're here. You should hit up the Carnegie Museum...its near the venue.
Fort Lesbian!
that's just an awesome hat
You got it.
Somebody tell all this kids to take off their hats,skullies and leather jackets on BlackOps main stage lmfaoo Madd corny looking
that was a phenomenal tweet and I definitely remember sending it
It's actually a she :) Aww thank you!
They're taking my blood again! Vampires!
Our second congressional briefing is coming up! Mark your calendars: Wednesday, May 5, 2010!
Thanks so much! How are you guys doing?
super, now I'M hungry :)
Little advice west to eastside commuters: take Pico this evening.
My spanish is horrible 😞
#9/11/2001 gave us 2,983 reasons to work together as Country but after 10 years we hav yet to figure out how thatz done.
time we were following each other joe,,, hey have u sen dick lately, if so how is he? all the best wishes! rex
Coming back from hail damage in Albany. Now hitting storms in Maple Grove. Heavy rain, again.
So today I have no school :D doesnt change the fact I have nothing to do!
how are you ?!
In studios this morning to kick off their support of our Relay For Life season.
Congrats to an old captain duck on winning the natty title
cat got your tongue? crack a tweet!
Who's gonna be our 100th follower? #youbetterbecool LETS GO CAPS!
#onlyif I was 6'9" and in shape I could have played pro basketball
I know. I love them, but only optical ones. Roller-balls are absolute shiss.
Follow us on Twitter!
Spent the night dreaming about social networking thanks to the folks over at Spreenkler
most probaly, he probaly just says that he likes girls, haha
Today's tip: Seal heating & cooling ducts. Ducts that move air to & from a furnace, central AC or heat pump are often big energy wasters.
Heading to SF in March.
#ff Our weekend crew! #patCAST Live Show Tomorrow Night! www.Pat-Cast.com
followed! Thank you!
I'm in the mood for some ziti
A Place Pictures just shot our first commercial!
Taking the scenic route back home
just woke up from a really weird and fucked up dream. I've been watching too many sci fi shows
Double espresso! It's been quite a busy work week- Love it!!!!
Well i don't mind i can be a bit of both
Bmore what'd up!
"She reads too many novels."
great seeing you today and its on the way.
You are a delight to have tea with! Thank you for following me on this journey! : )
if you had to pay a debt and the price was your right pinky or your left arm which would you give up?
Sounds perfect!
"Use the tool don't be the tool".
#LOVE Distance means so little when someone means so much !
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe that it was ok to come out of the closet 2005-2006
Books can be dangerous. The best ones should be labeled "This could change your life." Helen Exley
You weren't eating chx b4?
and you grown u got my number don't put on a show for Twitter u hit me up any other time.
How many time can you use meow in a tweet?
Thanks so much let me know if you need any info, are you coming to the show?
I will get my chance one day
"Have an issue? Please dial at your convenience 1-800-Kiss-My-Ass."
My timeline is filled with your GIFs, you must really love gifboom, huh? hahaha.
Thank you!! RT : Keep up the good work Matt &lt;3 I hope you get far, you deserve it :)
I wonder - how do you address developmental readiness (or lack of readiness?) Just curious.....
I will have conference realignment and early season event pages up and running at some point tomorrow, though.
We suggest Cubana or Carne Asada Torta or ahogada (drowned in chile sauce, also one of our most popular) Hope to see u soon.
RT : My sister is the Best!!! I love her so much. Retweet if you love your sister or brother????// She owe me gum!! Lol
awww I love ya babe......
30 minutes deep into SNL for the 1st time in a decade. Did they change the format? Thought this was supposed to be funny.
Yeah I know I watched the game today on my computer for free using a free tv program called Veetle and Channel-surfing.net
Sitting scanning trying to find something to watch
I can't wait to get home relax and get ready to watch the game!!!
XD lol that is very little! Are they cool/good? Why so little shoujo?
Giants baby!
all the greats don't last for 3 years...
I smell a Great week coming on!
At the opening presenation at the Pardot conference with
where do I send email?
hahaha! I wonder how many ppl will actually be there! We are leaving for Red G in the AM :)
yes for my class final. So nervous! Apparently I don't have ice in my veins :( wish you and were here *sigh*
it's better then a not good :x pretty Cool :) how's alejandro ha :)?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU! HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU! HAPPY BIRTHDAY DEAR CHRIS! HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU!(: Hope your day is great!
I for one am thrilled that Manhattan is less riddled with karaoke bars than SMASH would have you believe.
This weeks episode of BBW hit home ... I know exactly what Kesha was feeling
That's A Classic Scene...Right After The Laker Get Blown Out Pau Gasol and Bynum are still sittin there talking about the next game
You got that right! I love being open on warm summer nights!
My cat is better than any clock, any timer, any alarm . . . . .
It's not fair :/
You the one that I think about alday!! You the one that I'm feeling you the one that I love💙😍😏
This is the day I made a twitter, since this day I have been trying to get noticed by and I wanna get noticed TODAY! #leggo 6
"complete representation of the erasure of humanity" through blank images in the shape of bodies. mark of memory erased/readopted
The number of people I have heard say "I want to watch Battleship" is unfathomable #seriously? It's based off a board game!
finally heading home...goodbye London. back soon
follow now. 6
Time for music with cheesesteaks, sliders and lots more. Come on down tonight 6p-1a
Winter is a killer when the sun goes down.
If you ever have a falafel craving in the U-District... Aladdin Falafel Corner. So good.
Oh lol thanks
seriously Jo you should get one! So fun! Maybe it's just the thrill of something new :-)
Ok everybody. Lucky numbers. Ready? Go!
Writing a National Geographic exploration grant for fieldwork in the Petrified Forest National Park. Dreaming of dirt & fossils!!
Annual Rugby Banquet is Dec 3 at the Scottish Masonic Center. $90/couple due by Fri. will be collecting $.
It's my Friday and it's a Boston #drinkingaboutmuseums night!
LIES! She did cuz of injury
I still need to see Attack The Block.
TY for including me!
crazy weekend.
'twas going to rant at the description of #AdrienneRich as a "Lesbian poet" & not a "poet,feminist" but it's YOU
Sir. SIR! It's a little early to be so drunk you're falling down. Hey Barista can I get one of what he's having?
I think Thanksgiving should be once a month..
#YouAllGetMajorPointsIf you smell nice (:
Having a good spring break so far:) #noschool aha:D have a few things planned to do this week!
so pretty!
oh he'll naw I would say tht. Lov our lil blasted moments when pickn up... (FunnyTweet)... Um I don't get it lmao
All i need is Jesus ... thats easy to say but does your actions back that up ?
Two people I want to chat about the new Manson album with: and
maybe i'll come in for lunch!
RT : Since you like to play w/ fire imma let us burn !!
really happy with SF weather past few days. MUCH better. <3
"should I bring my bowl?" lmfaooo I love you
wow, ridiculous column (again). Bama was handed BCS appearance, what did they earn? People like you screwed up the BCS.
Damn! All I did was kiss the kid!!!! Now everyone is trying to crucify me lol
Pretty good storm blowing in off of the Gulf. That will make 6 straight day with rain. Finally feeling like Florida. Need the rain bad.
At gov McD inaug: had an impressive ceremony with native Indian tribes of Va in costume and drum beats.
"People with beards are the funniest people." -Micah, 4yo
=) i find that refreshing so whats your new project going to be about
is there life is my life <--FlyyGurhlBritt-->
When I talk to him first, it's because I miss him. When I don't, it's because I'm waiting for him to miss me
replace the w with a b and u got it
play on!
i adore Justin and Christian (:
all's good here. just working hard, thank goodness. lets catch up soon.
LOL! My hair is STILL natural. No need to inbox me about a perm I did NOT get.
Really cool! So you basically take old unwanted books then hollow them out for special orders and such?
And this time I won't forget!
Damn, it's crazy seeing how today is prom for Hami, knowing that last year we were in that exact same position
I'm still waiting for a signed book of The Best Of Me.. Do I need to be patient? I won it!
Looks like im going to MLK
at are you doing?(;
Happy Sunday! let the football whistle ring!Love me some football sunday!!!!! Whoop! Whoop! Lets go GIANTS!!!!
did we make the cut?
Grow some big feet
Seeing Rene Marie tonight with KeJuan Carter. Good times ahead.
Ughh, immaturity at its best.
$AAPL has another blow out quarter selling $39B. Over 35 million iPhones sold in the past 3 months. Wow.
Nice visit with and today. Just 3 guys from 2 Washingtons meeting in NYC to talk
#tchat I like that!
Q2) Seems people in the US want to be lead through exercises, europe seems to want to discuss exercises as a group
hah fair point. On a diff note: personally find his death shocking bc watched nearly his entire career
All these kids in my bed even if I had a man there would nt be room
The more I think about it, working at #Borders for 8yrs better prepared me for a career in librarianship than library school did...
tired of all the self-promotion and advertisements for wireframing tools ... where's the content?
Hope you feel better. Fevers suck!
thank you!
RT "To make a great #film you need three things - the script, the script and the script.".
You crusty nigga
I want a burger off the grill w a potato bun & some mustard! Yum
SPEAK NOW OR SHUT THE HE-- UP
burpees with pushup, pull ups and toe touches
hahahahaha OMG your tweet. I can't breathe. -dead-
It's an exciting final day of MLB. 4 teams, 2 spots, and 1 massive case of angina for their fans.....
I'm so gone. I'm sorry twatter.
I don't appreciate spam.
But where do they aim..Las Vegas and the Clubs to chase panties and hit the bar..waaaahhhh!!!
Working in a 100 year old building= lots of power outages. Breaktime!
sounds like a spa treatment
Oh here it is!
Reading about exhibition evaluation. I feel like I'm back in grad school (and that's not such a bad thing).
"Money is the ROOT of all evil!" Do you believe that statement is true?
hey! :) We drove some cool new GM products at the Texas Auto Roundup! We'll have some good reviews hitting soon enough.
oh okay I remember u bro we rode the same bus u know my brother luis
Well, if others won't thank you, please allow me. Thank you! Thanks for doing what you do. Keep on being great. Cheers!
Mary-Catherine Morning is my best friend in the entire world and I love her so much.
won tickets to see Jason mraz.
Hey guys! Sorry I haven't been tweeting much! whats every gonna be up to today?! ;D
Ah...Lovely. Guy get away with anything?
I hate dreams that feel so real
as a reader if I like a book I am reading than I will read another buy that author not the editor I never look at the editor
A 7 y/o & a 72 y/o in my life are going through break ups. Strange how the pain is the same no matter how old you are.
lol you know what the pennies are for right ?!?
Awesome! Thanks again!
Hart of Dixie, my vice. :)
so when do u turn 17?
Group projects <<
eww lame & when you get off and when do you go back?
Not to mention grammar and spelling. MT Random people of Twitter have a poor read on economics, history, civics, and civility.
Cleaning out the garage, which definitely sucks ass!!! :-/
damn fuck Rogers county I still got warrants out there!
If I can run 11 miles in a sand/windstorm, a half marathon on land should be a piece of cake, right? I'm going with yes.
Can't wait to get the F*** outta here!!!...I'm ready to dip!!!
Our graphic tees aren't 6 bucks, because the graphics on our tees aren't 6 bucks.
My church () is the best ever. just sayin... :)
#FirstEdition #TheBusinessOfPdx pouring #Starbucks for #Mickey at the happiest place on earth-more w/
": So happy right now with my he is the best 😍😘"aw... So sweet!
I'm not spending my whole night on here just do y'all know lol
Everyone wish a very happy birthday!!!
Happy mother's day to all you moms out there. I would specifically say that to my mom on here but I hope to God she doesn't read my tweets.
looking for affordable commercial loft spaces in NYC - thought I should reach out to you!
I hate the distance between us, I miss you every second of my life.
": The past can't be changed, forgotten, edited, or erased. It can only be accepted."
up in 30 minutes!!
people were questioning it, idk why.....?
First you have to make it, then you have to master it, then you can matter...Daymond John
do let me know!
That's an oldie, but I love it.
4k left, on dinner break, blinds are 150/300, 25 ante when we come back.
somebody said I looked like a pedophile with it lol so I couldn't have it anymore
Pnce again: not enough monster sex. Never not applicable
I always think a Shiatsu is an armchair that looks like a dog.
So grateful for the brilliant new album - it's providing exactly the push I needed to get through this last bit of book edits.
read my tweet again. I didn't laugh at her.
RT : FREE IPAD: Follow retweet this to your friends--for a chance to win an IPAD in the next three days!
union station today, mass ave and north cap, get your tacos before there gone. Menu: al pastor, pollo sofrito, vegan potato and barbacoa
nothing wrong with a lil tough love hehehe
is looking forward to an afternoon with the Toledos.....a Bump Session and a 24mo Session. Snapshot to follow!!!!
Breaking: Eliot Spitzer will forgo his new gig at Current TV to pursue a career in the
It’s extremely frustrating when you spell a word so incorrectly that even spell check isn’t able to help you out.
Legal Writing is Persuasive writing
I just had a conversation with the sketchiest cholo ever! Damn he even had a waterfall of tear drop tats down his face haha
Only so much earnestness I can handle at 6am. #FF my faves with an edge
Nah, that would require courage. I'm not seeing that here.
God does work in mysterious ways and I love to sit back and watch him work on me! It's just beautiful hiw he works. I love you God!!
wow. RT : #Clemson with the W. Amazing. THIS Clemson team is now tied for 4th in the ACC.
Sad story about guy who visits his father-in-law and won't be able to if the payroll tax cut extension isn't passed.
Ah the pink palace! Love! : polo lounge ”
Downloading #Photoshop #CS6 beta...
Life expectancy would grow by leaps and bounds if green vegetables smelled as good as bacon. - Doug Larson
How do you define success? Is it your title, how much money you make, the accomplishments you have? For me it's the happiness of my family.
did you read #rush's apology?
Joe DiMaggio had a 61 game hitting streak in the minors. It ended on a game winning sac fly. Neat.
Poor thing. She has the worst luck.
Everyone please follow , and !!THEY ROCK;)
I can't talk or swallow. #ilovewhen I get strep.
damn all three of my cuzos is havin babies around the same time..
Love how turico just mentioned korver having three blocks as if it ain't even a thang
thank you for watching! Love you too! Can't wait to see you in a couple weeks (:
great session on communicating change & overall 1st day at #cls11 - see everyone at happy hour!
ha! Well we don't eat red meat or fast food anymore, but that taco really looks good. My fix for munchies is wasabi almonds.
#SecretTurnOn Kissingg My Neck OMG im #HOT now
Love you, too. Yeah, those are going away. :) Also, congrats on your BoB! We couldn't agree with City Paper more.
Hard to believe graduation will be here in no time
too late.
#ASCRS2011 Foundation collects donations for Japanese tsunami victims. Donations at Booth 1023 at meeting or online www.ASCRSFoundation.org.
Why do I have Paul Simon's "Call Me Al" stuck in my head?
Way too excited to be hanging out in PJs watching Lord of the Rings 2 tonight
I grew up in Marin...can't believe that article!!!
//I'd like to introduce you to "Yammer" this week. It'll help decrease emails & increase collaboration for work.
Rob Jeter and the Panthers call timeout. They have the ball up one, 2:55 left. 46-45
I got that drank in my cup
chop yours off & give it to me. :):)
Love the random info & a huge fan of the Bathroom Reader Books
What I love about #Cueto is that he gets as excited as I do when his defense does something amazing.
Well, then perhaps we should talk : )
I always see the cutest gay girls lol
That's a wrap for the opening keynote. Catch you in 15 minutes for 's keynote.
Slave owners didn't F*** around either. Several million hung from trees by their neck in Texas and Mississippi.
I never really learned how to study..it's been 10 minutes and I'm done
are you gonna bring justin bieber on already or what.
It could be! Maybe she can give it a look and let us know!? Then I can link the pic ot her Twitter of Website.
That Awkward Moment When You Remember Something But You Don't Know If It Was Real Or Just A Dream .
I Felt So Bad For #oomf Today ,
I find it HILARIOUS that Oomf just can't fuckin lie
Pretty disappointed what just happened
makin a deal today?
summertime man
Best cure for this cold, ALCOHOL!! We have plenty, come down and have a drink or two.
we did!!
Whad'ya know...mine sure do.
Isn't it both? Yes, leaders need to broaden the conversation to find new solutions but there are situational constraints?
For some reason I got a feeling that he is lying to me. But idk guess I'll find out
I think it'd be punny... #imlameRT : is it a bad pun if I saw: Sweet !
yes ma'am
as good as it gets. Drank some Bill Downie Mornington Pinot tonight
Agreed. Can definitely lead to moisture issues if not done correctly. Always use a contractor with old house experience!
Thnx for the follow!
CHALLENGE: Go to your local library and check out a Newbery winner that you've never read before! Ready..... go!
No better way to build a team than jacking together for 30 seconds right and ?
I swear my hair gets curlier everyday.
u suckin' at this Cricket game bro. Step it up!
When and where is the HOLIDAY HOUSE? IS there a website?
#ConfessionHour I haven't changed clothing sizes since high school but my muscle to fat ratio has become more like a fat to fat ratio.
I purchased some new weave today and my mood went up 5x2!!! Males dont understand...
Still buyin alcohol for this party and idgaf. Ciroc, goose, it's a top shelf drinks kinda party
“: then who would make the truffle tots, blue lump crab cakes & honey ginger glazed salmon?” dunno but they be free
were you at EPIP? I got here Sat so I really did just miss you!
Dell's talking about their new robust listening infrastructure that has transformed social media capabilities.
This project made me realize how perfect Colombian girls are. Holy shit 😍
Spike Lee is the black Craig Sager
To think is easy. To act is difficult. To act as one thinks is the most difficult. -Johann Wolfgang Von Goeth
Don't underestimate the Tenenbaums OST. Lots of solid tunes on there.
S/O to the love of my life #SoccerStar 😘
It's not cheesy at all, I feel the same way! This article says the whole cast is staying, I really hope it's true!
Attn Women: High wasted clothing does NOT look as cute as you think it does. It makes you look pregnant... Slightly frump..
who r they
We will be in the Third Ward for lunch today. See you today!
Oh so you drink and you're in the 8th grade?..... You are so cool.
I'm finding it hard to focus on cataloging this last day of winter. Blaming the SuperMoon.
he wants mehh ;)
So just how long of a drive is it from MPLS to Nashville, This Tin Pan South event is the real deal.
looks like the people need a PD James/ collaboration - it'd rock their world!
RT I would go out in the rain and hang out with the Occupy protesters, but I would rather occupy my couch and watch Netflix.
Its tshirt time!
very ! He woke up at 6 asking if it's time yet lol :)
Well done with video case study, everyone involved is pleased with how its turned out.
Tonight on Ten at Ten: Iowa takes the national spotlight in healthcare reform and exclusive coverage of ISU Women's Bball from Kentucky!
#Lakers finally get a win in #Dallas! and Kobe all had huge games #teamwork is key! Thanks you
DEAL! RT : what say & I take you guys out for lunch one of these days?
I heard you need a loan!
You're doing P90X?
That's what I hoped. Thanks!! Xx
Well, hello, fellow-peep-of- !
California has been at the bottom of the states in Medicaid payment rates. They recently passed another 10 percent cut in those rates.
Helping a client with their Haiti Relief drive. Anyone in N. Meckleburg County contact me if interested in assisting.
taking it one step at a time....it's all wrong when you skip steps!
hey Dante ! :D
Our team is working hard to to get the music video posted at our earliest convenience. Thank you for your patience.
#lvima Book yoga, karate and pole dancing classes @ www.campopoly.com
No prob :D
RT my first music purchase ever was Beastie Boys "Licensed to Ill" cassette...
Now I know what balls smell like! GROSS!!
Ouch. That got him in the jimmies
Ohh Sweet Baby Jesus, I start dade tomorrow.....
I know someone who put a penny on Nevelson once in a museum. Was still there week later.
Don't do too much, I just was really confused. The only english I have ignores the first sentence
Yes. RT Which is more shocking? Omer jumper or Omer 3-point play. Discuss.
is she ok
If you ever want to chat about embodiment/disembodiment, let me know. This is pretty much my scholarly obsession.
“: Running around my neighborhood naked woo! ” WOO
it is a Kooks kind of day :)
That awkward moment when you're driving 20 over the speed limit and you're still the slowest one on the highway
I can't remember the last time a term started out as crazy as this one.
Whether its light, dark, red bone or yellow bone. All back is beautiful.
No no no, damage has been done. RT : just kidding. (:
what time is it in boston ?
who? Mike or God?
Just saw on with talking about That's a lot of @'s.
I am CONVINCED it is the weather...and not you. I feel it too!
has no idea how to cook a turkey - www.HelpMeCookATurkey.com is DOWN...
lol, I'm the guy in all black, above the little kid in green, screaming at Navarro
Cannot believe some bullshit has me up this late....
That's good! I'm happy to hear that!
wait so how do we get in it?
Tell them what to do and they will surprise you with their ingenuity - George Patton
New Girl is simply the best.
EXACTLY....Hey #GoDaddy...it's not just the outage - it's the lack of communication & use of technology
If you are skipping work to celebrate 420 @ Reggae Fest, bring us in a flask. You'll need it to wash down the brownies.
no links. It's just what I'm hearing.
#InstantTurnOn women with nice bodies
Apparently I'm the 2009 version of myself today...Just printed a bunch of 42-cent stamps with the Pitney Bowes machine. :| Ugh.
Great show!
Inside the NBA is going to be epic after that one. Amazing comeback.
FHF generates financial support to help cover academic services and recruiting efforts!
haha aww yay!! =D and i am glad thank you for listening you are the best! =)
oh how i cant wait to start class monday
- The shorturl brought me to a page that was banned by my company (true)! ;-)
too kind.. fun to be part of it.. should be proud.
Camaro. Hm. Not so much.
and I are slamming some yummy food at yokozuna in tulsa.
my bad, wrong person lol sorry
your dick needs to thicken up
Happy National Coffee Day!
#nowplaying kaiser chiefs
ahaha! Yup, bought it all! ( btw ate at Hemingway's tonight!)
lol!! It's not hard!
I believe you have to drink a bunch of winter beers, could be 10 different kinds
Sad that Svuem is leaving 2 the Cubs but happy for him personally. He should of gotten the Brewers gig full time after Yost
Open Mic Night @ Cabby's in Broward. Tonight! Tonight! Tonight! Come perform! Show love to your local artists! :)
I love your subject matter!
i been on here!
The roof, the roof, the roof is on fire. We don't need no water let the...oh, wait nevermind, put it out.
Badgers impress fans | But not the AP voters | Flying sub-radar | http:BadgerHaiku.com
This is my life. S.E.T... Sleeping Eating and Tanningg (:
my guy chillin .. Out here working, what about you?
Yeah! Caps take the lead!!!
To save $800 or more on our Monster Karts for a limited time, use promo code SHAMROCK (sale ends on Mar. 17)
hell yea how he walks out everytime "where u going?, take a seat!"
Just heard a woman at a cafe talking about leaving her family, so happy people realize it is a choice and you only keep them if they're good
the only known cure for what u have is sleep and even that is not permanent .
can I get a retweet from the best band ever?
Exciting things are on the horizons for those willing to take risks and embrace change in hopeful expectation... I dig it!
Happy birthday and !!
nigga when you coming back?
How did the 2-1 Rays-Red Sox game take longer than the 11-7 Twins-Tigers game?
RT : and Dirty Harry not to happy about not getting all those undocumented dumocrats. The Dream of America lives on
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #24hours !!!!!! 46
This What I Get For Wishful Thinking...
I love everlasting gobstoppers, thank you
Baseball league claims contract faulty, sues law firm - Chicago Tribune
At least yours is take-home! I'd be pumped about that!
La cancion con ritmo latino es: Don Omar-Taboo!
you win...
I love you Lord for this new day!
not clear, Walker endorsement?
So...Brian Xanders was fired. Does anyone want to tell me why?
saw my bestfriend to day <3
Hilarious ": I really love FATE based RPGs."
Wow, what an amazing day! Cheers to everyone one of you who came out and enjoyed a true Winter Can't wait until #WBC 2013!
My nostril don't know what it want to do. One second I can breathe next second I sound like a excited overweight kid
Two donations to my charity tonight. Super stoked!
thank you baby!.
I hope you enjoy the game tonight! And be safe out there!
Join us tonight for Simplified, PJ Bottoms and River City Rising-Doors @ 8pm Tickets $12.00
ha another restless night ...... well guess no sleep again /:
Hollllllup son...MCA passed??? Beasties did SO much for
Well we are finally on the way #tired oh and im HATE small spaces!
Lol JK, hug and a kiss :]
Black Friday Beer Release! Nexus Maximus IPA a few customers wanted a strong IPA @ 9.4% ABU and 100+ IBU, your wish is our command!
I'm mad asL
I'm not saying i'm not trying to be your friend. I just hate the choices you're making.
uh-huh, and what are u doing?
Afternoon at college pres lecture on juvenile justice. Interesting connections with college students & civility & modeling.
Cabbie: Can you believe gays can marry? Horrifying. Their children will be all fucked up. Me: My dad is gay. Cabbie: Let's change subject.
this Hong Kong just saved me #generaltso now back to work. Woo
Im curious, how did the issue of gay marriage come up in a speech to graduates?
I should know better than to start a new book at night. I'm sick and should have been in bed 4 hours ago, but the #hungergames sucked me in.
Wow what an incredibly long but productive day. I think I'm going to head to bed early. May your dreams be filled with sequins and love!
Iam getting there at 7:30 in the mornin...if iam there alone..i swear iam goin to cole's house and sleepin in his sis's bed...
why are you awake and on Twatter!?
Totally just yelled really loud "THATS NOT EVEN A REAL WORD!" at my iPhone auto suggestion "wr'll".
Country Music Star Teams up with Animas Corporation and four &quot;Diabetes Heroes&quot; on a Cross-Country Tour to Inspire ...
Thanks boo xoxo RT : aw well I hope you get better!!
Vinnie was absolutely brilliant in narrating this chase....lots of poise and calm demeanor
by the way i really really dug issue 3. Expect a review after the holidays .
Polar bears can eat as many as 86 penguins in a single sitting
if i could only press rewind just so i coulda done things a little differently.
But using it, at any level, does.
hello love (:!
I'm more of a I-go-shopping-when-there-is-something-specific-I-need.
got your email. Thanks, Kima. I'm going to dive into a lot deeper when I get home. You raise some good points...
Chevy Chase Ballroom is going PINK for October!!!!!!!!
another morning with
My resume will be a reflection of my dreams soon enough.
proud to know you. I would have done the same.
Needs to get baseball pants. Double header tomorrow. Time to kick some ass.
Happy Mother's Day to my beautiful wife! Thank you for being a godly woman, a Proverbs 31 woman. I love you!
such a great song and video!
Alright, Saturday, you and I both know that this reality isn't going to metaphysically buttfuck itself!
thank you so much! <3
The ladies had fun with their kiddy pool. Nobody show them all the pictures from Spinnakers last night. The pool is a poor substitute.
FF inspirational, talented actors
There's a tiny sleeping tiger on the metro with me- is it bad that I'm thinking of the song from Hangover?
Rain or shine we'll be celebrating kids and #gardening tmrw at Girard 10am w , , & NGA!
Valencia test.
I keep seeing you guys at Warped Tour and then never actually seeing you play! haha hopefully you'll come hang soon! <3
#rhoareunion a hot mess 💩👎💤 shut it up 👏
Oh Shut Up Now I Know Why people Are Unfollowing You.
Hey how ya brother doing now that he home and shit?
Thinking about Meagan all the time! Hoping for a good day for her today.
ve your level
“: Congratulations to for being accepted to GASCAP.” I laughed. Good one!
movie night <3
I dont think you're far off there. Wouldn't surprise me.
We want to know where YOU enjoy your #ecigs! @ Vapors Ecigs and share your experience!
Chillen on the top floor
I know that now -_-
Life after EAST: what are my fellow EAST-ers doing on this gray warm Monday?
agreed, yet somehow voters keep rewarding it. Hope this year is different for a few candidates on the ballot
I'm 4 times on my TL... Fuck it's dead
#Yankees look like they could care less right now...they've
Play nice Rangers! Game 7s r always good 4 the fans, said the Devil!
Omg just rip my heart out, Doctor Who. <\3
Did Pete Campbell just say he was "ripped off?"
delayed condolences for your family's loss. Been in a fog lately and didn't get to say it earlier.
Daz Ravage has recorded a new personal best time on Alkeisha Island in Real Racing 2 for iPhone and iPod touch!
How will CISPA (Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act) affect you?This forces all ISP to disclose-even if their terms say they won't
How is everyone?(: -Kayleigh
Awesome! You are very welcome :D
everybody ._. Dude omfg mikey from the iconic boyz just tweeted me happy birthday ^_<3
Remember that one time we got white girl wasted and sang every single word to RHI and then the music stopped and life was awkward?
Massiverocketradio.com is no longer streaming live events, for more info email us at
Really? Slangin Henny In The Slab?
it was good to see you!
Yawn, good morning Villagers! Anyone else up this early?
Michael Landrum Teases, Bryan Voltaggio Hits a Snag: The Week in Food News
Well, look on the bright side NC, you can still marry your cousin!
Up thinking about the new arrangement.... its times like these when I wish music would quit bothering me. Just let me sleep!
Your people need to know: what's Congamerge?
Happy birthday you son of a bitch Maybe we have a present for you..please drive here and retrieve it. Times up..let's get weird.
Anybody wunna chill?
#ThingsIReallyCantStand stupid music, with stupid lyrics.
New nemesis: carbs.
Just saw a wild Black pig with her baby piglets ! SO CUTE !!
My pleasure ladies. Glad you had fun.
likes to volunteer herself on CENTRAL !
Text SPEEDRACER to 87654 for your chance to win 2 UNLIMITED WRISTBANDS!!!
We would love to thank all the artists that work with us. Without their great talents this would not be possible!
Sad, a 42 year old woman can't even wake her own self up.
great look, Cameron!
I love the Just the way you are cover. I cant stop listening to it. Definitly my new favorite song.
Hey Rob Hope all is well in Sunny South Florida
New Member Luncheon today at #Mitchell'sFishMarket. We enjoy honoring you with lunch and sharing more about SEW IFMA.
nytnyt and sweet dreams buddy rowan~ hope you had a great day~ love you so much my dear buddy <3
#3WordsForYou I love you. 😊
“: *twerks as i study about some nucleic acids*” yaaaasssss
Look forward to seeing you at tomorrow nights event with and
PE class at its finest
time for another tattoo
Ouch...don't ever push a lip ring into ur healed up lip piercing...it hurts
Gaaahh too much work. After Wednesday I'll be a free bird
Ever since Thursday
That's what you get for mentioning it. Murphy's law at work.
There's a reason for everything I do.
Self-service, partner and public APIs are key to stay competitive in today's economy
Another Sunday by the pool. Absolutely picture perfect day. Not a cloud in the sky.
Love Me Or Hate Me. But Guess What? Bitch You'll Never Break Me!.
Just drank my first coca cola in a long while. Unsurprisingly, it's still crack corncane. Anyone have a car they want me to lift?
happy bday handsomee hope you had a lovely day hunッ
What's more exciting than the Super Bowl? Putting out a house fire during it!
no need to apologize to Mitt, you're allowed to have your own views.
You are correct & I thank you for pointing that out. I will add it today.
I WANT TO INTERN FOR YOU!!!!!!
Hello from a fan! Saw you in Three Days of Rain at SCR! It's a great play. Loved the character shift from first act to second
Friday Night Live @ Proprietor's Reserve Wine Bar-Mark & Pablo flamenco, rumba, latin grooves. 7:30-11:00pm. Wine specials all night !
hey minnesota twins,
I can see 3 U.S. flags from my office window. Wonder how long it will be until they are lowered to half staff as per Protocol.
you lucky so and so
eww i totally agree. It is just as bad as nails on a chalkboard.
6 meths for that day, Hanes medium boxer briefs, and a pair of new shoes.
2. Get the details on company benefits. The inclusion of these plans can make a huge difference between the effective pay of a job offer.
Just as a shout in the mountains can start an avalanche, so a single word, spoken in Gods way/time, can have a seismic effect. Solzhenitsyn
Hi Sheli. I am looking forward to it too.
I need to take my morning poo.
Too bad on Sunday there was a large pile of poo in front of one of your new signs.
OMG! The model call was awesome at torrid yes
btw, I realize that I misspelled "hilarious" and "corresponded" my bad -Elliott
well if that's the case, just get up and walk out of class lol
Patrick was fantastic this morning on the panel. Really great to hear him speak
Races this weekend I am thinking yes:) #watchingMyDadWreck again
If at any point you find yourself saying "this movie is so unrealistic" you should slap yourself because it's a MOVIE.
dude i know it's so sad :(
Headed to LA Fitness to hoop, the usual ... F'wit it!
Step Three: Prepare. Have a snack like nuts, fruits, or veggies handy when you are hungry.
but I say that only based on lackey's outing today...lester at his best can do that almost every start.
I'm gonna mess around and miss my stop.
OH: "Ayn Rand is a crazy bitch, by the way."
Working so hard it's vertigo inducing.
I ALREADY LOVEE YOUR twitter!! :)
Happy Birthday !!! Just one more year lol
Safe to say that is in a foul mood tonight!! Not happy with anything or anyone!! Worlds against him it seems!!
I'd say good. There's so many people calling. Well, that's what I'm HOPING, at least.
The reason why #time didn't go too far is because they're now relevant for the first time in how long? It's a win, no question.
not even you disappeared on us.
I LOVE WHEN THIS HAPPENS
When things go wrong! Look around and see who's next to you!!! No one!! But Jesus
you not following anymore?
ill dm my number tomorrow and we will talk
Hehehe...yeah Lou..yeah
yellow taxi driver is on phone & can't help but think how beautiful whatever language he's speaking. Sure it's a bunch of clicks/fclacks
aw no problem! <3
Thank you presidents!
(AP) -- Federal judge stays Barry Bonds' sentence of house arrest, pending appeal
Just stay awake for me, I just don't wanna miss anything.
What a lineup at Siskel in January! Eisenstein, complete Bresson, Melancholia, Take Shelter, Skin I Live In, Bride Wore Black
I love Fizzy Family <3 follow me please?? 3
Wish I was goin to tvice tonight
Thank you #HUB for bottling Galactic Imperial Red. You just improved my vacation by 9.5%.
Perversely enjoying taking notes by hand at #dhsi2011. Hope I don't get kicked out.
not everyone can pull it off right Will?
Latest from the JHUPress blog: #ResearchWorksAct & #ElsevierBoycott, , , cheap books saving #libraries & more!
Thank you for the better link! I used Daily Sun's share button, didn't realize link didn't go directly to article.
Thinking about proposing a chess initiative in schools
{As a tear falls into the water, I whisper to no one but the shattered Valkyrie in the calm lake} I don't know where I am anymore.
Ev, your man Chad is SO much better lookin' than Rodman! :)
New followers! Thanks! EROCK
Not looking forward to summer school:(
Mr. Handyman National Convention Orlando, FL
You can do it!(: I took my bio final this morning(:
Looking forward to taking part in the Hornets "Thank You" event from 11:30-1pm at Lafayette Square today! Hope to see you there!
Oakland here I come!!
so you actually live in Canada?
that sounds fun man!!! We just finished up our songs in the studio!! Sounds like we both had a good week
Did talk you into this? Remember, Fruity Pebbles are gluten free so there is always a non tile option
Today's education does not line up with the new job market and new economy in the US.visit www.engagemyfamily.com to discuss
Big Time Rush should pair up with Lil Wayne ..... lmao
I just unlocked a badge /chicago for free chocolate cake caldo in Chicago! Hurry, get yours at www.kupoz.com/panecaldo
What is that? Who runs it? Looks neat.
Thank you for your tweet! We are so glad to hear you enjoyed your stay with us! Come back soon!
Drawing is putting a line (a)round an idea. ~Henri Matisse
Dude, thats sick(: once in a lifetime?? you'll see him a lot when you are his dancers(:
Just now waking up, about to go eat and prolly go back to sleep!!
I Miss Him Already :)
Are you an #experienced #digital product marketing manager? Tweet me with your #twesume--let's chat!
On way to , walked right past me w/ his guitar. Midnight #SXSW starts now.
Fangirling in the middle of Hard Rock over my babies being in Rolling Stone...
Hi Stoney!!! Just saw tweet from that Brandon Inge hit a 3 run home run for Oakland A's.
Anyone else having trouble with their status on FB???
bitchana! did i tell you i had a dream the other night and brian was in it! i was so freaked out! thats his name right? bros ex
I ran FROTHY through my thesaurus...Foamy? Soapy? Lathered-up? That's a tough one to decipher.
i like your icon :D. I'm glad you like the picture :)
with my follow, is up to 11. Crushing you. Yes, Beckett is awesome. His parents are tired.
where @? Maybe we should hit 🐻on sat?? Jus for the day
"Somebody left the cork out of my lunch." -W.C. Fields
THANK you!! Oddly enough, "polysyllabificationism" ALSO turns out to be an anagram of my given name! Very cool to know. ; )
family sucks when the people in your family are asses
The Diviners is being compared to #DorothyParker story. We have to get in the DPSociety
I wonder if that Might Fix It tape would create an air tight, water tight seal on the leaking BP oil rig.
sick used to be something you would pray for.
we haven't met yet, have we? Meet u tomorrow!
Supermoon's weakness, apparently, is total cloud cover.
You guys are killing me. Maybe Allie can hand out helmets after the customers pays as a give back.
it was awesome! One of the best shows. Everyone hung out a lot too which was fun!
This new set we're working on is sounding so crazy. Minds are gonna be blown on June 2nd. BE THERE.
You showed yo' ass !!!!!!! now u wanna cover up>no mas~
Truth is, I have too much going for me to repeat the same old tired cycle. Gets me nowhere. The moral of this story is, change is good.
RIP Steve Jobs. :-(
Happy Birthday Mom - 86 years young!
cnt sleep ugh
Not a bad thing. The man can talk.
oh. You mean it's your neighbors.
I wont cry. Just sit silently . Finally received the final hit . Now I see its time for me to move on
sucks about d rose i know you love your bulls almost as much as black women.
give up sleep and
follow us on twitter!
Thank you for your greatest creation The Simpsons
begging my mom to let me camp out to get a wristband.
haha you should probably just play big tymers one more time and accept it
Headed to the Miami Film Festival! And warm weather!
Pennsylvania has not addressed whether epidemiological studies require a RR > 2.0 to be sufficient evidence.
Mint chocolate is almost gone! Plenty of lemon and pbj left!
We're singing goodnight to the moon <3
I'm thinking Smitty will not care :-)
Learn to make old-fashioned hard candy in our farmouse kitchen - Sat and Sun 12:30 - 3:30.
:) Happy New Year! RT : You're welcome. Love your place.
Ol skoo slow jams
I've noticed that when people turn famous all of a sudden they're gorgeous...I GOTTA BE FAMOUS!
Hold on to your family not everybody has one. Next time they annoy you just remember how blessed you are to have them. Happy Saturday!
prayers out to the U.K
I'm glad I started drinking vodka....
'You got a full size horse in your back seat! Who are you?'
. Great service at Evans Toyota on Saturday! They found some problems during routine maintenance and finished same day!
MLA in Philadelphia
The true aesthetic moment lies between pornography and didacticism
You can do eeet, Josie! Don't give up.
:( I got it gees sorry then
Use the Twitter plug-in for Facebook's site, then it will always pull your Twitter status no matter where/what you post from...
Fear and Loathing: On the Ice Cream Truck Trail '11
thanks so much! and i know, shes beautiful!
basically cats are the answer to everything!
lmao u dumb
“: can I have or nmber girls” the word is your not or
9 yr old daughter asked if you got home in 2 yesterday at Bergamont...
No way, not that! Twilight Imperium is a space empire board game! And a really long one.....
Pleasantly surprised & pleased the won Game 7 today in Memphis
This convo just makes me SMH. 80% paperwork, 20% Tx. What about the 50% arguing with other professionals?
Special Event this Thursday the 29th! spinning live. Check out his hit song "Tung"
Loving this!
#BOYZAREBACK ! AH! OMG I CAN'T WAIT!
haha dont you judge me ms sara
F*** I never thought I'd say this but I'm jot ready to go to Hollywood lol especially not this Wednesday morning well here we go
After last night I feel like the #Cards have already won! But what the heck let's win it all!
My head is tilted to the right because my left nostril is stuffy.
don't recall 5000 supporters of the repair bill being here tonight.
-LORD help me..
going on gut instincts, where I'm hardly ever wrong....Dad has something to do w/ it.
so what's everyone done/doing tonight or whatever
A nice conversation with some Portuguese ☺
We love feedback. If you haven't already be sure to check out www.theadvocator.org
Well, hello there, music man.
I ate my applesauce cup and got over it. Thanks anyway, sorors.
Your name on your tombstone is the hardest that you will ever be
Corporate Fraud: What is worst case that you know about?
that's like a peanut butter and shit sandwich
I love U Bae
I have entered the world of grading papers...well after school is out for Spring
My acoustic/soft playlist is must when I'm writing or drawing.
Hell yea
Great win and big momentum booster for the bucks! Knicks have the tougher schedule down the stretch, let's make a run!!
I am not in the mood for a lazy Sunday.
I feel like such a rebel
Congrats to the greatest assistant curator!!! She is officially a violet graduate! So proud
And we can't 4get the ladies who will be the 1st faces of the Bellargo Women's Collection!
Going to have to do a taste test challenge of who's coffee is better now! vs
What To Do ? Ugh I Need To Go To Target Today -____-
I never thought so either but so many people say it does lol. Kinda weird ;P
Whoever Maxwell sings to every night is a lucky individual. OMG.
MT staffer, Jeff Knight on front page of NY Times! #wiunion So proud!
haha yes she was comedy. it was good seeing you.
: lol I knew you was stunning anyways!
Dang toothache is keeping me up!!! Anyone have any suggestions on what to do for it???
I don't hate Lebron, but facts are facts. I think Lebron had his best year ever this year.
Good Morning Beautiful People: Rise and Grind and Happy First Day of Spring.
I have a well-defined ego, but who would pay for followers? A business maybe, but who wants to follow Fuddruckers? I mean
for some reason my hotmail alerts are coming to me in French! Tres cool.
Good seeing you this weekend brother! Good luck with everything!
I'm almost some with that one too . Lol the flower one shouldn't take as long bc there's no questions .
They don't call it Bangkok for no reason honey...
it disgusting.
I want to join #APG and the Speakers group. Got to keep up with the future.
My dad would have been 60 today.
it was only 16 min. didn't want it to be too long. next time i will do the question thing. thanks!
Excited to begin working with Jackson's Bistro Bar & Sushi!!
Heat don't know the importance of regular season messages!!! Didn't you see how that affected them last year?! Oh, wait...
Thank you so much! I knew Google was wrong. Is their any accents? Spanish is weird :P
sour diesel
I need food
im following u hon;)
traffic already backing up on Harrison for #uic LAS commencement
Special exhibition at Porsche Museum celebrating 60 Years of Porsche Clubs
haha I feel like I look like I'm 10 in those pics ! Haha
I'm looking for interns or volunteers to help out the Hollywood Jammers Pro Basketball team. If you have a specialty , please email me.
Would anyone write a biography about you?
Happy Friday wilderness supporters!
On way to daytona 500 with !!! neber been to nascar race b4.
right 2 focus on educ, especially 3rd grd literacy - but this will require strengthening IA's early childhood system
Thanks for the shout out!
I love you so much macenzie I am going to get you a present :)
honestly if you buy your subscribers or followers i feel sorry for you
Good morning ...ready for FIESTA 2012!! How bout you lol???
its a dragon
Brad, the hotel is located in downtown Boston and refers to our own Paul Revere and the act of giving reverence to Boston!
buried the entire day and finally dug myself out 15 hours into the session. finish small winner, hopefully back at it tomorrow.
Its a morning up in here
Cut my hair & I'm regretting it. only b/c of this fucking short sidebang that doesn't frame my face properly. I look like a god damn child.
probably would have been worthy of a Super Bowl spot if so...
you at Scott house ?
I already have a plan of moving there. I'm marrying an Australian. I am NOT marrying an American. I vow.
Homeschool Moms -- bring your kids to SECCA to see how international artists are visualizing the tension between electronic media and paper.
RT if you love your Granada Hills , CA fans!!
lol yup love that song
im assuming i can wear sweats today...
Elm Street? You mean Nightmare On Elm Street?
Nice desk! Love that you put good use to the effects in our QWiPS App.
how was I not following you? My bad!!!! Really looking forward to the event!
West is up.!
Dude! I'm in the same boat! So #annoying!
I had a Karate Pinata dream last night. When it was my turn you raised the pinatas to the roof! I demand a re-try.
where too though? O.o
Study study study
waiting for my mom to come home, then jelenas coming over
How many librarians do you know?
It's Monday, Yhu Got A Job, Yhu Off, And Ain't Got Shit To Do, So Imma Get Yhu High Man !!!!!
Hope the #LTDArmy had as much fun this weekend as we did!
show it.
Open mics are all the same:"And now I will shock you by saying a word you never heard in the Navy." ~Don
thanks to for such an enjoyable interview! :)
For my 100th tweet I will reveal who I really am wearing nothing but a tube sock. Shit I miscounted, guess you'll have to wait till 200.
awesome, thanks very much!
Hey Roomies, will be a re-run tonight. But you get to program it. Which Episode do you want to watch together!?
follow back please?
A New Day Thats Wassup! I Am So Ready For Tulsa,OK!
:p i love ur voice
Someone In my #Starbucks just tried to order an eggnog latte. Makes me wonder if I've been sitting here longer than I think ...
No, THANK YOU, for the "essay" and thanks for sharing your story about #JuniorSeau , may he Rest in Peace
What are the top 3 strategic business drivers for implementing an LMS?
huge test tomorrow and i cant sleep
RT : All you need is chapstick, a bottle of water and a get out of jail free card :)
Looking forward to your tweets. - Thanks for following
Thanks so much for the Tweet!
What a busy weekend this was. Gonna finish watching the SAG Awards, then it's bed time for me. Back to reality tomorrow!
Washington Post Book Review: Toni Morrison’s ‘Home,’ a restrained but powerful novel
Emoji-rectum. Obviously. RT What the hell is this 💢?”
Sweet! Did you have to put it in dry rice to draw the water out of it?
Certainly not, Marxism has collapsed.
Looking to lose those last few lbs? Try this: Only consume carbs from grains & starches within 3hrs post workout. Other meals? Fruit & veg
Hope you warmed up ;) I would like to go to church service with you tomorrow morning.
YOU'RE SO FUNNY AND YOUR TWEETS MAKE ME HAPPY
Beautiful! Thanks for sending that our way.
Who all u riding to the show tonight wit???
And I wish I dreamt more.
If someone is strong enough to bring you down, show them you are strong enough to get up.
"Able" in my ears and passed out on the second leg drive to Minneapolis
thank you for sharing =) I had somehow missed that on facebook.
i dont know you
It bothers me to no end that you can get a reality show when your only talent is sleeping with NBA players.
I totally understand. I loved Zombieland too! :-)
Moved into new place & wanted to celebrate w/ a beer. Discovered that paint can keys are designed to open beers too. Nice. :)
You're right, the first hour of the movie was slow, but the final sequence made up for it.
Brush your teeth for at least 2 minutes each session
You're amazing in GoT :D
School trip in the rain😳
Can't seem to get moving today
God must love stupid people. He made SO many.
Note to self: encourage more architecture related partying in #Houston. Philip Johnson Society, anyone???
post-#FF thanks and 'right back at you' & !
Finally the big timers playing like they should
HUNN!!! -Jumps into your arms!-
Looking for a job at a camp this summer? Contact me. I can help.
finishing packing then hopping on the train =)
does "that thing" to look at start w/A and end in S
Wieters baby Orioles are back in it
It was weird. The judges praised her, but didn't seem very excited about her performance. Didn't get a good vibe from there.
Can't forget the day baby that you walked away
Hey Guys thanks for Following us, I also got some great t shirts suggestions. Be sure to check out our site insanityshirts.com often.
I was accepted to ! Super excited! Go Trojans!
AND Pitt is coming off extra rest ha oh boy that might get ugly
Can't find any shit on youtube, everything is getting pulled!
I KNOW D;
studying for my test tomorrow and its math :o
CAN'T WAIT TO LISTEN 's NEW COVER ;) gonna be perfect as always :p
Looking for a good conference to go to this year any recommendations?
cool note. Thanks for sharing.
Happy Easter! Come and celebrate with Us in DC at
ill be sure to watch!
you can read?? ;) tell me how it is! I want to read it!
On Track to the Kingdom by Rontavis Shamar is available for your Nook, iPad and so much more. Get your copy today
"Ship Breaker" has male protagonist. It was an exciting, futuristic read.
PLEASE do a buddy comedy together! I would watch/rent/buy that!
Hey only the worst from Baltimore City! I wouldn't expect anything less! We have standards...sort of.
You guys were packed all weekend! Great booth!
What the fuck was swisher thinking?????
cool have fun And aww rained out that sucks
getting pumped for the coming storm, maybe 1-2' of snow for Summit County?! We need it!
Sorry for the delay...yes, 99cent Iced Tea thru May 6. We'll follow up with you.
Any fool can criticize, condemn, and complain but it takes character and self control to be understanding and forgiving.
thanks for the RT's from the #openrestdc event
OMG we haz a twitter
Merry christmas everyone <3
Who's excited that Starbucks has brought back the Pumpkin Spice Latte? Fall is definitely almost here!
Omg the littler mermaid is so inappriate #arrielle did u know that in the book she dies
Thank you for following Singing Stone Gallery & Studio in Ybor City Tampa, Florida. Visit our website at SingingStoneOnline.Com or Facebook.
Ok so what apps shod I get with my new IPhone?
what is dm
soul mates, y/y?
In 3 days we kick-off Movember at our Sweeney Todd Shave-Off Halloween Night! Plus free live music & discounted eats! RTs welcome!
Sounds crazy hun that's ok guess prince hakim going have to make some noise first in the industry
The Lone Granger holding it down in TPA
Haha! Looks like I got a lot of calculus to do
Hi ! How are u?
Every time you begin a story with a question, I'm going to punt a kitten.
Both go hand in hand!!!
Fuck love ? No , fuck the person who made you think like that .
well my grandma does...and her friends. ITS SO EMBARRASSING.
I wanna hit the pool but have to get this weave out my head first cause water and weave don't mix
This stye on my eye is painful!
Found out I'm leaving Afghanistan early!! Woo hoo!
: If that's the case then Tommy Bahama has a strong intellectual property claim. I'ma start working the phones.
You had me at hello....
yess ikr ?? feeling sad rite now need to be cure :DD
Man the B1G was nasty this year. This is the 5th place team taking Kentucky to the wall on a neutral ct.
I'm way too close to graduating. Way closer than I thought.
I done had pizza and wings
SOA Software and Red Hat to Host API Management Webinar
Also apparently the Bills have a pre-season game at the Dome. and I may be looking for tickets. FYI Vikings fan tweeps.
if u want u can. If u wanna save $, don't worry. The point is generally copyrighting the concept, so if no major plot change, no.
"So go out and party, like you're not broken-hearted Cause you're now one just mistake on my beat Your stuck on repeat, repeat, repeat"
changed my username to
< thanks for the follow!
I can't decide which project to work on today (besides laundry, and chores of course!) jewelry, paper or fabric....?
Will more make a difference? | “: Public comment period is wrapping up, pretty early for a meeting to close 24 public schools.”
damn you Texas and your bi-polar weather.
Sue-Bob with the titties!
. at : We're "living in the world America made. It is freer and more prosperous than it has ever been." (1of2)
My life is filled with bad endings and wrong starts.
is is going to be streamed live?
Ugh. Abomination is right.....
Thanks to the for the follow!!! Great Food by the way!
Science Cafe edition on the Sound of Ideas this morning. We're talking about radiation risks and rewards- join us!
indianaplis eifs companies, indianapolis eifs repair, indianapolis stucco contractors, indianapolis stucco companies, indianapolis stucco
congrats! what level is spice rays?
cool, always love your comments :)
To my fellow Fantasy Footballers. One more quarter to go.
Thank you for coming and for so completely nailing it! We were so honored to have you. Keep coming back...
#imabadbitch is probably the best hash tag beside
Tonight for to destroy it who's coming let me get some RT
San Diego we do appreciate you following Poised Creation on Twitter!! :)
- great job this year, enjoy the summer...you sure love that blue line drop pass on the PP!
I can't that Mr. Conservative is actually tweeting.....well, don't get use to it!
Hello to you all! I look forward to chatting
Im sleepin butt necked 2nite! u only turn 16 once
Need a term analogous to "Rick roll" that applies to careless whisper. I'm never gonna dance again, the way I danced with you.
lol, me too!
Go on skype now we need to talk!
“: Alot of request for that here at ” Great song!! When are we going to hear again?
blocked "Green Child" on my page because "it may be owned by" That's 100% not true. Hey ADA, give me my song back.
Just realized I forgot to eat supper, then discovered microwavable sliders in the freezer. Yum.
Success is not the result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire. -Reggie Leach
yeah we gotta talk to him about our extra credit project.
and have me dying right now lmfao 😂😂
Happy Earth Week! :) Go #Green! :)
Great Tweeters! sugarfiend
“: Just got scared by NOT COOL! thats wat I get for having my music LOUD! #ILikeMyMusicLoud luv u big sis!” xoxo
Yeah i'll give you the baseball and wrestling for $25
happy oscar sunday...come on in and shop for some glamorous party finds, our doors are open till 5 xo
Birthdays on Facebook make me feel like I am in Elementary School. Fun Bday wishes but no cupcakes.
What are you writing about?
then go to sleep
im going to bed and if u want to know my xbox live gamertag its: rockster2000
SO be REAL cool and Follow us :)
happy to help!
you know the media will play class warfare and convince them it's the GOPs fault...
GOD IS AWESOME!
Bed bed bed bed bed bed bed
I didn't plan it sorry
The ones that makes the snacks!
Stop playing nickelback for the love of god NBC
Yes! Stop crying!
-______- Don't you just wanna slap the shit out of somebody when they say something that's really stupid..
Going to check out my girl and my family 2nite 7pm at Le Poisson Rouge!!
noticed fresh graffiti on the front of this morning : ( people are dumb.
ohh, i know(; i saw. i was stalking his twitter(:
yeah - you have have no choice. You're simply keeping your wife happy.
Yeah, that's what I ended up doing. Not quite the same. Thanks for lookin' out, though. 'Preciate it!
there must be somethin in the water...
Freshly cut chicken breast cooked in a thick creamy sauce, and Naan bread!!!": What's for lunch today? #mkedining #mkefoodies"
Excited to have my paper accepted to the 2012 NEMLA panel "Corporeal Borderlands: Food Narratives and the Female Body"
Those who speak out against gay rights &/or gay marriage are 2012 George Wallaces. They just can't see it yet.
it really was!!! lol
seriously ACM's? A wedding... This is the dumbest show evah...
Busto in 21st, AQs no good vs A7s. He made a flush on the river.
Our Town Council mtg starts at 7pm in the Clairemont HS cafeteria. Verizon Tower reps return, and Kath Rogers presents on CASE initiative.
send a video email to your new customer thanking them for their business!
You'd better tell your story fast
Getting ready to go live again with Interim GM Chad Buchanan and Interim Head Coach Kaleb Canales on TBTV.
Congrats! : It's official Twitterverse! I will join #NCI as a Cancer Prevention Fellow next year! I'm so excited!
Here! At the bar.
#ohthanks ;) I didn't know you were into peach fuzz
Sometimes You Just Got Too Let Go , <3 #steadylearning #goodnight :)
i hardly do anything on holidays now
Rafa!!! Finally since 2010 #Nadal takes care of business against Djokovic in the #Rolex Masters. Love the double fist pump return!
Night 3veryone.. body step at the gym has my calfs hurting /:, at least I got to swim some laps & go in the steam room for funn :D
You can now register with using your Facebook, Google+, Twitter and Yahoo credentials. Great job, team!
“: The warm-up jackets, by the way, are the best feature. National titles listed on the back.” agreed
All this twitter talk of ribs has inspired me to smoke some pork spareribs. 6 hrs later I will find out if the inspiration was worth it
Wow alright British girl came across the pond and nabbed the #grammy award for best song! Go
Sorry, kids, just can't get into Harry Potter mania. Also, wish I had a nectarine.
Rocking the boots on night 2 as a true tennessean!
Have you ever wanted to grab someone through the Internet and slap the shit out of them?
If an Offensive Linemen sneezes before the snap would it be a false start?
Here we are all alone in this room.
Good morning. Early Bird Specials deadlines for the Little Miss Beautiful Hue America Pageant are fast approaching. Don't miss out!
Money,cars,clothes and jewelry won't ever love u back!
I should have majored in Interior Design.
Put your boobs away, get your butt off the sink, smile, put your middle finger down, respect yourself, THEN see how many guys ”respect” you.
now we both know that ain't true..
I'm about to be in the same boat! White chocolate mocha..chocolate donuts..who knows what else I'll devour lol!
My mom said if you can learn italian you can learn punjabi too. But I already know it! No you have to learn how to read and write.
brand new episode in 8 hours!!
Excited to have #ACPA12 just a few miles up the road from me in downtown.
Re: Romney's forgetfulness: He learned that trick from Reagan! "Guns for hostages? What guns for hostages???"
Lowe is a reliever that I hold my breathe everytime he pitches. Make it fast so I don't pass out!
I signed!(:
Yes. I would like to show you a few other options... Demo?
Single is not a status. It's a word that best describes a person who is strong enough to live and enjoy life without depending on others.
If you are busy thinking about your neighbor's garden, you cannot cultivate your own.
Trying to go a whole day without using exclamations or emoticons
Im supposed to have an excused abesence thingy in gym for like the past two months , so it wont effect my grade , but theyre not countin ...
Just cruising the web and reading some news - going to the bike shop soon.
well... not directly, at this exact moment.. ! whats your IG name we'll follow as soon as were on!
ur truely amazing,nice,sweet&manythings!u work so hard I hope 2meet u again. Im seein u when u come 2 fl(: u need to be verified
i liked her hair due lol
it says march 28
Is it true tht Lil Wayne is dead?!?!?!?!
Google Robert Seth Hayes & learn how to support his release. His con't. imprisonment is a violation of the law, human rights, & God's la ...
The interweb is super slow today.
hey Demi :) I just wanted to say you beautiful & amazing I can't wait to see u on July14 2012 ! My sis and I are crazy for you! 
don't get the taste slapped out ya mouth
in honor of our single being released in 4 days... we want to know some of your
Gotta admit, "The Dictator" looks pretty freaking funny.
occasional weekend event trumps snow coverage!
She wonders if you ever stop to think, "man, I miss her.
Hot ham n cheese is dank.
Don't be discouraged, because every wrong attempt discarded is another step forward - Sabrina Renee
#IfYouDontBecomeAFan Than You Just A Hater
Cubs get out of the inning with the lead which I'll definitely take.
Thanks for the tip re - following him now!
Here's another great fill in the blank. Social Media is _____.
Oh. I think I'll go get my walker...and take a dose of metamucil...then join the 4:30 crowd at Frisch's...
I seriously need a new wardrobe!
My son made his confirmation today, followed by trail run and a smoked chicken dinner with my in laws. 2003 DiStefano Syrah was outstanding.
Finally the time this league is exciting. I move for a 54 game season every year. 66 was a lil too much. Go C's Go Lakers. Classic shit
We hope your day is more cyber than Monday! Also, remember that Banzai delivers directly to your door!
She say Love is for Free, Just Expensive to Shop.
Night Christine is on Denver time. Morning Christine is on DC time. Sadly, naptime Christine is not on the trip.
Hey #Colts fans, what do you think about #Manning's decision?
for real???? what day....i need to take a day off. We got WORK to do.
who is the only candidate for Mayor to have a negative voting history on LGBT issues? Who campaigned for anti gay Meg Whitman?
The best thing about dating a pastry chef is having the greatest breakfasts ever made for you.
Free yogurt at all 5 Yogurtland locations. Celebrate National Yogurt day!
Home from school very early! Feel horrible! :(
haha yes! maybe you can teach me how to shuffle haha :D okay goodnight! :)
#Weatherization second in #RecoveryAct Jobs for 4Q2011! Get out the message that Weatherization Works!
Whenever I can get it in! Between a startup and family, I have to switch the schedule around to accommodate
Tower of terror ! #yeahbuddy ;)
Someone busier than you is exercising right now.
RT : "Fake is as old as the Eden tree." Orson Welles
#AlbuquerqueMortgageLoans - Indigo Mortgage, Albuquerque's Premier Mortgage Loan Provider is now on Twitter.
lupe fiasco is #thatonepersonwho makes me have hope in hiphop music
RT : The Autism Speaks Family Services Department is seeking volunteers to review 2012 grant applications for: Family......
I can honestly say I do not miss superior or Duluth just the few friends I made up here
#Speed might be the worst 90s action movie.
thank you for following me, I'll follow you back. have a nice quiet evening and a great day tomorrow.
25% of do-it-yourselfers cause damage
Yes, we are very saddened by this :(
...that was my professional development for the month.
omfg! I love skating!!
Time for a haircut (:
Overheard in Jury Room: "I didn't realize how much E. Fourth Street has been revived." Wake up, Cleveland!
Young Adult was great! If you like very dark humor, cute dogs, and the excellent Charlize Theron and Patton Oswalt.
You can still register for #ReachTheBeach - just show up at the start line of your preferred course. So easy! 5/19
Twitter viewed as the distributed "human sensor" - The Future of #SocialMedia Analytics - Dr. Richard Lawrence, IBM
Annual symposium is less than a week away! A Sense of Place: Arab World DIasporas and Migrations March 21 & 22 details here:...
Reading the hunger games at b&n. Really good book so far! (:
LMAO I love a woman who says what's on her mind
let me know when you're in town (aka midtown or downtown), maybe we can do lunch tomorrow or late dinner?
SAVE THE DATE! Next reading is Sunday, February 12, 2012. See you then!
I'd rather be single and break hearts then be in a relationship and get my heart broken.
I'm borderline sunburnt, I spent too much money and my pants are a little tighter. All the markings of a successful vacation.
Oh lol that's my shit
#YouWereCuteUntil I saw your true colors...
Walking to the German Immersion School Craft Bazaar this am. M, Deutsch kuchen! :)
its raining jordan hallelujah oh its raining...
Spot trending now in Des Plaines, IL: Giordano's - Pizza (live updates)
Photos of my house are in that book in the chapter on Westwood! Great book. We have it at the gift shop too.
it's a conspiracy!
Good Monday Morning to you
City Ordinance of the Day: Possession of an open container, or public consumption, FINE: $303
rain checks always good and it's raining now! See you soon.
Derrick Bell: "It is painful for many of us, but it is time to acknowledge that racial integration as the primary vehicle for...(cont)
Keynote a #SACSCOC conf is Mark Taylor, www.taylorprograms.com.
How would I use Apex if I didn't have ICS on it?
You're a shotgun - bang! whats up with that thang? I wanna know, how does it hang?
Why oh why every time I look like crap must the campus video shoot people insist on using me in their video?
#Janeswalk – Next year in DC!
Shout out to my good friend Shahrokh who is going through a very difficult day today by anyone's standards.
I hate writing papers!
RT- I think you're fuckin' hilarious - Let me guess your white?
I teach a large lecture intro to comm theory course and am considering replacing the text with Wikipedia. Thoughts???
Really good showcase at The Actors Company tonight. Fantastic space. Great agent lineup. Not just some fly-by-night thing with newbs.
in the studio
On instagram you looked cute, but today I saw you....lol.
that's pretty cool.
you were with the wrong guy.
At an assignment at a school in Hampden. My iPhone keeps picking up WiFi called "Rum Ham."
Unfollowed for: RT "How 'little blonde' girls came to be...equated with innocence and how dispels the stereotype"
Lindsey did you do the marketing focus @ PSU? Have a friend thinking about starting $ looking for feedback about Mktg stuff.
20 Millimeters Under the Puddle
when would you upload another video of 2 guys vs the world?
This is the creed of creeds, the final deposit and distillation of all important faiths: that you should be able to believe in life
RT Essential read for anyone in #digitalpreservation MT How You Can Help Launch a Digital Preservation Q&A Si...
no not gone I've been busy starting up my daycare business.
Live in #NYC ? Meet our #lawSchool #admissions reps TODAY 12-5pm at law forum at NY Hilton at 1335 Ave of Americas.
I believe in grumbling; it is the politest form of fighting known. - Edgar Watson Howe
If you got a track with a open verse send it too me.
": She thinks STD stands for Suck That Dick #SignsSheUsedToBeAPuta"
You can now contact us via snail mail! Deadly Dames Burlesque, P.O. Box 17765, Rochester, NY 14617-7765.
Oh wow. That was a surprise. Congrats to #MerylStreep!
So lonely in the bus
I came to the conclusion that I'm probably not good enough for you. I'm sorry.
Galleria Park hotel is lovely. Although I hope the next time around it'll be us they'll book with :). Enjoy your time in SF!
It's getting darker earlier. Buy new headlights to see better.
Congrats to Wisconsin's own Way to represent!
Getting the set list together for tomorrow night. Looks like we're trying 2 new ones. You get to be the lab rats.
Have you read Employment Rage? I wrote it just for you.
Have you ever looked at a picture and seen a stranger in the background? It makes you wonder how many strangers have pictures of you.
Peepers..we R changing R menu and would love your ideas on any entrees you would like tweaked or you would like us to add to our menu
TELL ME ABOUT HIM
im sorry, which story are you referring to?
Hamsters can have sex up to 75 times a day. I wanna be a Hamster!!
I left the office so I could work on the couch. Still working though!
I dnt got one
We'd like to wish all of our Jewish friends a Happy Hanukkah!
Movie time 💢
Did you know the Federal Voting Assistance Program uses our info to provide the facts to our troops and other Americans overseas?
Thank YOU! lol, I don't even know what that is!! Spotify- trying to generalize me!!! (smh) ;)
RT: Majority of Pinterest users are from the Midwest?! Interesting... Pinterest's Business Model Is All About Exclusivity
Are you joining us at the #LPC (O) AGM May 4-6 in #Toronto? It's not too late to register!
People who hallucinate are more likely to drink lots of coffee. Chicken/ egg.
our CEO is currently working 24/7 in creating TC, plus life and moving! (no pets) Cut to : TheaterConnects is looking to hire you!
Calling my shot.<---case of the shorts
i still turn to you
Young check ya email
I see you're off to a good start. Happy Tweeting! (even though you're a Redskin's fan)
same here :) love disick! “: all 's tweets make me laugh!”
“ Jennifer lost cool points” AGREED!
I am so happy
Got me too. When I saw a Tweet pop up in my TL with my picture I was like, I didn't send that Tweet...
‎27D1F92E :) new bbm pin! add me :)
I really hope the pull this one out..
And then Drews loud and girly scream! :D
I just watched his episode of "who do you think you are" (uk) and was amazed by his accent (and his bawdiness!).
this going be so cool im having my birthday party same day as my 4yearold nicie
I just keep getting more and more confused...
Why couldn't sleeping in be a birthday gift today? Oh well, I'll watch Michele Bachmann on Meet the Press and have some coffee.
I've got a job, great friends, someone special in my life, now all I need is a direction for my future to go- any suggestions?
lt pgt Good of the strength of elastic advantage is reduced breakdown Open ring design the advantage of elastic alliance is :-)
Just a few appointments left! Call today to take advantage of our $50 specials! $50 specials available all month! *617-227-5499*
Tonight at dobbs ... THE PINHEADS .. A RAMONES TRIBUTE!!!
Agreed. At least I had a racist tell me he almost saw a glimpse of reason in my comments -- what a compliment!
anytime! Feel free to shoot any more Q's our way, looking fwd to seeing you at the Fanfest in June!
perfect! He should win cuz well it's obvious.
Can you RT. I have a ticket to the ASOB show in NY. It needs a good home. I can't go. I'm in a wedding. I live in Philly.
I only gave out one high-five on my lunch run through campus today, but it was a good one.
I realized after tweeting the last thing, no matter how we put the next several lines, it wouldn't look right...
Craving California Rolls...
Health chief: We have never wanted &#39;drinking kills&#39; labels (News)
what ones what 3 women would you invite to be members at Augusta to complete your foursome?
Manny where you at?
awww :'-( I missu too! What time u get off tonight? I get off at 1a I can come through after work.
It's not the dress that makes you look fat. It's your fat that makes you look fat.
T1: If they don't enter the data, though, they won't see the decision support supplied by EMRs and required by Meaningful Use.
3 hour pit stop in Ireland.
We play the Spurs vs. the Nuggets tonight. ;)
ok, just text me with a time. caleb is napping now. we will bring draaaaaannnnnnnnkkkkkkssssssssssss. lol
Yes - is right by the stadiums, in Pioneer Square. Would love to get together :)
Law school? Meet UM Carey Law's Direc. of Student Recruiting tomorrow from 4-7pm at JMU in the Festival Conference and Student Ballroom
When it's hot outside and you can't wear shorts cuz it looks like you are wearing polka dotted tights 24/7.... Damn razor burn 
Lmao! RUN. RT : When Ximena and I were walking and we saw her bestfriend and I was all "should we walk faster? Orr run?"
Dishes... done. Laundry... done. Dinner? In the process ;)
PLEASE DON'T HURT YOURSELF! I know life may be difficult but it doesn't mean to give up! IT'S OK! YOU ARE NOT ALONE! :'(
Dear Orioles, please don't let today be the only day people care about baseball in Baltimore.
That's a lot of blue on #wildcats field right now...
production meeting. Film people really abbreviate stuff. "rom-com" = romantic comedy, fyi.
HAMILTON IS TO GOOD
Taking it slow, I get tired so easily.
Your Song♥
I just pulled a Britta at work.
I guess its officially Badger basketball season.
I got to see last night! Still pretty as ever!
"So what are you doing in a hotel?" SXSWi goer to me after I say I'm local. Um...."Writing?"
What's more Bollywood than dancing in the Swiss Alps? Dancing on a boat comes pretty close!...guess what doing!...
#primal saturdays be looking like the united nations - they ve got girls from all over the globe coming through
Your welcome buddy! haha RT : Might pick up a new Friday night in LA - stay tuned!
the way you and have been tweeting it sounded like y'all were apart.. Aha
Ofcourse and thank you!
Just finished the Hunger Games. I didn't know it was a LOVE STORY! (I'm glad i didn't know.) Now go tell that crush you're into them. Now.
I have to do 14 vocab words....
Gud Morning ..... Tryna have a blessed day nd don't let nobody f*ck it !!!
Do I really wanna hurt me? Do I really wanna eat apple pie? No, I wanna live to 103. I don't wanna die. Start stretching those thighs.
Or maybe I'm just a pompous self absorbed bitch who thinks she has a sixth sense xD
Im a vegetarian in a resturant that specializes in ribs. Awesome sauce.
what song is that from ??
more like over yourself aha
DID YOU VOTE???? IF HAVEN'T PLEASE DO. IT'S A CHANCE TO GET YOUR VOICE HEARD!!!!
Saw neighborhood Segway scooter guy rolling lonely down deserted street Christmas eve
July was full of firsts. First parking ticket. First time bumping into a car. First time living in Hollywood. First time at a screening. :o)
oh sweet! thanks, grazie :)
GM tweets thank u Jesus for waking me and my loves up have a blessed day everyone
I fucks with Boosie. Greatest rapper alive! Standing on it!
yup wells fargo :) seats 10-11 . I got 2 tickets :D
St. Carl of Ithaca, pray for us.
Great job tonight and !! Always stay the 5 boys on the staircase :)
we'll be back!
Tunisia's transitions have benefited from a great degree of cooperation across party and ideological lines.
hahaha! There are a lot of good stores at that mall, you won't regret it
only because attempts to stop result in refs who are whistle happy
I'm loving TaiChi Sword class, what a workout!
And joi....we need an outing real soon my peeps
Just sat through my 2nd CGI migraine this year- Apes tripping out in San Francisco. Still not as bad as Autobots destroying Chicago though.
Kobe, LeBron, Durant, Wade, Chris Paul is my top 5, in no particular order
Gain one lose one..
So, in the interest of putting what you want out into the universe, my hands down, dream pick for producer of our sophomore album:
FUCK IT ALL.
People are funny today. Keep up the good social networking friends.
2nd 5K went well but I think I overdid it. My body is really hurting and I'm not feeling well today. Ouch!
why the hell am i up so early?
Hi Bob, my vote is for Daris, he has changed much and is driven.
Did you all enjoy the first round of panels?! We sure did! Make sure to reenergize and enjoy lunch (12:30-2pm)! #SLS12 LUNCH BREAK!
Oh - Geordan can't hold long pass for what would have been a try
Men I am ss sore from yesterday pole dancing class and softball I don't think the class was worth the 25 dollars I got.... No it was lol
Frozen Margarita celebrating my first day of summer break! 🍸☀
Hahah gotcha :-) I decided to have a separate blog and Twitter for museum stuff.
Some girls are so hot and ya know why ? Cause they spontaneous !
OMG YES!!!!! I waz lik kissing my TV nd rewinding it ^~<3
maybe you could help me test the theory sometime
The "tooth brush holder" serves one purpose...please recognize and conform
Can't get information because of the #SOPA blackout? Try your local #library!
BLACK FRIDAY SALE! Use coupon blackfriday10 to get 10% off any purchase. Buy 2 or more items & I will refund an additional 5% thru paypal!
Hitting my hiatus in the summer tho
wahh i miss you guys!!
"Let the morning bring me word of ur unfailing love for I have put my trust in u. Show me the way I should go for to you I entrust my life."
thanks for the RT!
By Beat I mean BEST! Lol
Ttyl after this class. My weekend start at 3:20 or earlier. What up though???
I think it can be. There are several ways it can be utilized.
So true, steaks, burgers & dogs... the grill was still hot so we threw on some chicken breasts for grilled chicken salad.
Collapsed left lung, but okay. Thanks for all the support of my friends, teammates and nc state staff! Will be running soon.
Kinda bummed Wordle IDed French & removed common words but still filled with prepositions and conjunctions. Or maybe #Proust was a hack? [-]
Fine. Target, baby! Better? :)
OMG....Kenneth Fareid just monster dunked BIG TIME vs.Lob City
It's #listeningto Wednesday! What #music are you checking out right now?
RT : "excuse me, can you tell me what floor Monet's water taffies are on?"
I hate it when your dog barks at nothing when your trying to sleep
just pick at random the twitter handle of hahaha!
RT : Shoutout to the (FSU) and all Alpha's around the world for standing behind #TrayvonMartin!
Crazy migraine.....😨
#WhenIGetBored I visit & have a cup of the worst coffee in #Boston. Stop being & partner with the best !
We have sponsorship spots open for a #dating contest being hosted in Feb. Want to reach #professional #singles - contact
RT : ": What's worse...Dancing With Celebrities or Playing With Muppets?" I think you know the answer.
I'm like the big momma cat.
You guys definitely did meet! Just wanted to make sure you had contact info!
Im done with all this crap..stop telling me what to tweet when i dont tell any of you what to tweet.hve a more negative view of most of unow
RT : gotta disagree. You gotta read the defense. (gotta disagree...you hit the open man)
I'm following you bro
so you look like tony the tiger??? Lol perhaps expired dye wasn't the best idea?
dont say that well i guess we got to get it back popping!
: RT That's right. You finally received the recognition you deserve! Efforts are always rewarded.
Im tired! Im working on a project ... I want to go to bed!
CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP) _ Rev. Billy #Graham, 93, is backing a proposed amendment to the NC constitution to ban gay marriage.
Do you like wasabi peas? I love them!
With your help we raised over $136,000 dollars at A Day for Meta House last week! Thanks SO much for all of your support!
lol no what were saying?! >:(
found it! Thanks babylove!
Happy Friday to you too selena!..nothing much here just going to sit at home and relax lol.
grilling out on the 4th
Three books I need to reread soon: Microserfs, Girlfriend in a Coma, and Cleveland Anonymous.
RT : Yes. Chocolate's not too bad.
Just curious Pacers fans, where are you watching the game today?? Pacers @ Orlando Game 4 ESPN 2pm
Miserable in Chemistry.
My girlfriend has lost her mind.
Making the ultimate breakfast this morning.
ok so some bitch just called me and called me a "Stupid slut" WTF
whoohoo, see you there, hoping for sunshine!
it is amazing!
its sunday, officially.. monday? school.
Happy mothers day to the only women who loves wine and cheese more than I do :) cheers!
sounds like a plan. Tomorrow is looking nice if you're in the downtown area at lunch!
The community is welcoming & warm. It's a productive language w/ great successes. Best at a hard set of problems,...
momma's day dinner: bbq rib eye w/ Benziger Syrah. Eat my <3 out!
NO! “: BREAKING NEWS: ESPN is reporting the Colts and Peyton Manning are parting ways.”
I know a man who gave up smoking, drinking, sex, and rich food. He was healthy right up to the time he killed himself. -Johnny Carson
Following the high value Tweets from and
Looking forward to the new year!!!
We were down in Chicago this morning and came home to an email from Colorado. That's what we call a water SCORE!
Ate at for the first time with egg/dairy/peanut/tree nut allergic daughter, using allergenmenu.com. Excellent experience!!!
The elder Coram has more issues than a newsstand. Perhaps more than me.
I like
Good to hear...I think...was kinda fun covering for you last year! ;-) How's it going? RT I should b back on my game!
All respect to those who bring the mountain dew. My hookup was from WV's New River Gorge. Dangerously smooth.
I see I see
time to get married.
Why is it always do cold in this school 👎😡
Probably a couple of nice cold beers that weekend!
Pumped to have won the Viking Immersion Blender recommended by from
#CodyOnEllenAgain please put him on your show again. <3
Aw yea!! RT : OVER ONE MILLION FANS DEMAND PARANORMAL ACTIVITY Get ready for the fright, Nation!
Let the beauty we love be what we do. - Rumi
Thanks! Hope you had a good one!
Stick it to the Mann
I guess it's # ThirstyThursday in 314 at the Heights. 🍻🍺
IM PARTYING UP AND LISTENING TO IN THE YARD!!
thank you :)
aight im done... i promised #oomf & myself i wouldnt "vent" on Twitter anymore cuz the way i do is childish & im tryna grow my ass up
Why hasn't Forensic Files figured out who stole the cookie from the cookie jar through DNA analysis yet?
yeah cant wait to see too! #SCRSCReamTeam all day!
how long will you be in Vermont? Birthday of mommy right?
Worst feelings : crying yourself to sleep, being ignored, discovering that the person you love loves someone else, not being loved back.
BUT: Hall's book focusing on the traditional model, which may or may not continue to be viable.
Rockin' the Casting Office ADR...gettin' close to a launch y'all!!
happy mothers day :)xo if you saw this i'd be soo happy!
I was just messing around with some MK vs DCuniverse. I love sub zero and smoke is a beast. We should vs sometime.
My 8 yr. old just ranked his top 10 favorite players in the NBA....Lebron STILL No. 1, Dwyane Wade No. 5. For what that's worth.
what happened to summer?
Off to work
when are you coming to florida? Please tell , you always RT me but never tweet me.. I love you so much :")
He who does not live life to it's fullest can never know the true meaning of life ...
I fuckz wit Syd The Kid doe!!! She a beast!!!
Game got canceled so that means more time at the gym. 💪💪💪
The ghetto language these days are to funny
International investors may consider the E-2 Non-Immigrant Visa and/or the EB-5 Immigrant Visa. Need more information? Contact me.
When the technician has huge boobs and she leans over to massage the legs and my feet press right into the boobs.
same here!
It has been said, "Follow your heart, for the heart never lies."
Fuck this class
I'd like to wish a happy birthday to my inspiration. you may officially be a man now, but you'll alway be Kidrauhl.I love you
by the time I look for a job I won't have a facebook
Thrive lunch will be held at Hector’s Mexican Restaurant 1711 Schofield Avenue Weston @ 11:30am ! Hope to see you there!
Seeing crooked fingers with My friend Brian d has been raving about them for years. They never play, I feel lucky.
In fact on blogs, many blog authors de facto trade comments with peers e.g. among food bloggers. So, go write some comments?
lol shit it's not hard!!
Well thank u. :)
I love it when someone tries to hold my baby she quickly turns and grabs on to me shaking her head for no:)
Thanks - we'll look into it.
Too much birthday fun this weekend, can't stay awake for the #Brewers game on tv - time to listen to Ueck while I fall asleep.
what is this world coming to when a beautiful girl like you is never complimented ;)
kidding Karaoke night!!
I'm really stranded in cheltenham !
IT depts spend the inverse. Mac does not (repeat: NOT) scale to enterprise architecture.
guess you missed 60 minutes last week
"Being second is to be the first of the ones who lose." ~ Ayrton Senna #1 (21 March 1960 – 1 May 1994)
Hm...Manhattan, Brooklyn, Bronx, Staten Island, Queens?
": #deeznuts RT for for new trend
should be a good one. I can get all the games on Xbox live if you wanna come up for one of them
#ThingsIReallyCantStand when people chomp their gum like damn cows
April 5th is a community support day for 5% of sales for all the Oakland county stores will go to this awesome organization
Actual Comedian, thank you for the new twitter bio!
Is that it?
oh, i get it.
Spent my Saturday night doing 3 essays  but at least I finished!
Saturday Night Live <3
Back to describing the street scene..a building4 lease,doggies on a leash,a man selling Ts,bums hanging out in allies,cops in their Caprice
My boss sounds the way I would imagine Speedy Gonzales wife to sound like.
you are crazy.
I'm w/ you, except I've been officially Pavloved.
Dear : Do you intend to compensate me for the use of my image for your profile?
Thanks to for having me speak to chapter about mar-com campaign today. Key slides coming to blog soon.
Friday social hour, 2-6 , $5 cocktails and fun eats. Come see the boys, don't wait.
the next one to show up at my house
rendering these beats!
The truly wonderful and the truly beautiful are synonymous and reciprocal feelings. --S.H.Sharpe
is it your birthday today!? If it is Happy Birthday!!! If its not WOOPS !! Lol! :D ILY! <3
People really love combining two words into one new word. Is this as popular in other countries as it is in the US?
why do people not follow people but always retweet them?
I'm tempted to literally set fire to the rain. But, I can't because I'm in campus right now :/
is a future hall of famer! What a great career.
just seems that Izturis, Conrad, etc are so bad we inflate expectations of league average guys like Lucroy. Sorry, just frustrated
Running IS a technique sport. Check out some of the many named running techniques such as Pose Chi, or Evolution.
lmao well stop that shit :p
Today's Bodemeister was Never thought being too fast would be a bad thing :-)
I struggle so much to articulate why I detest email attachments. Yet I don't favor cloud computing in all cases.
follow for all the latest news on #COD #BlackOpps and a chance to land a copy of the game a week early
Wow, LMAO I got excited for nothing!
NEW FACE-OFF tonight! There's a couple episodes on now. I love this show! New episode on at 10 pm eastern.
RT Just received cool looking 45 adapters (pair) by this week!!
I have a date with The Doctor tomorrow at 8 pm. I am beyond stoked!!!!
it was divine.
Only 1 more day to take part in our #giftcardbonus special!!! Get 15% more added to your giftcard!
Let’s Move! Let’s Play! Climbing works almost every major muscle group. Tackle the walls of the Witch’s Castle in The Wizard of Oz exhibit.
Want a chance to win a $25 driving credit? Complete this tweet: "Hey , my favorite Zipcar is __ because it's __"
lol wat time r u going?
Watching #MoulinRouge for the first time. :)
LIKE! us on facebook - www.facebook.com/Elephilms
Nice selection. I approve. :cD
No matter what, Keep going!
As my mom would say, I LOVEE HIM!
Irked that the variety of moleksin planner I like (weekly planner + notes) is hard to find. Irked enough to pay shipping. Darn you digital.
my level of confusion is worse than I thought! All coming back to me now haha
...and some jerk off snagged my VIP parking space. Must be amateur hour for RMC Event Staff.
Watching "tough love"
hilarious!!! “: Please follow and read his Clooney/Obama dinner tweets. #Killing”
#USAirways sucks! 31 hours of traveling and I'm still not home because of their ineptitude. But hey, at least they were rude, too!
A Best Director lineup that includes Malick, Scorsese, and Woody in the same year is just fine by me.
Hm. Was this fixed? What was the problem with the computers?
I love she's the bomb...
Dance mom's is a ridiculous show.
The espn3 broadcast is much better quality than last year
lol no it's not my day lol
- if you know any rock star HC, HR or recruiters send them my way. Lots of cool opportunities in Dec
Nunez RBI single
Agreed. Wait until after tomorrow, when the Dems can rally around one candidate!
#ImHappyWhen you show you love me.
or the fearless lol but then i put my reading glasses on and saw livelove and i got with the program lol
With all the fish in the sea, some are still too lazy to cast their own line. Don't work, don't eat..
at least the poster session deadline is a bit later, I think.
I am proud to be an Arts Advocate !!
Maria Brincker "The Illusion of Domestic Bliss and the Dynamics of Relational Minds," 3/29, 12-2pm CUNY Grad. Center Rm 6112. Free lunch!
Who is down to go to the Beach on Monday?
please tell me you aren't going to court dressed like that #HueyLearnsToDrive would become
rush limbaugh's gonna have to lay off the twinkies to look good in his ss uniform, unless he's just slumming in a white sheet these days.
she missed the disaster by about 3 months and never said a word.
It could be possible that i'm the first person awake on Park Ave this morning.
Mobs, Monks and the Problems of Political-Buddhism | TBC LONDON
Getting ready for Riverside Arts Market grand opening on March 6 in Jacksonville, FL. Stop by if you are in the area. It a fun time!!
got it thinking it was about the tweet... It was not.
It was our pleasure to share a great article with our followers!
Just got my Big Time Rush and Cody Simpson ticket in the mail! Can't wait for the summer!
very cool. You guys wanna come hang at soon and play the album? Open invite.
welcome back to laredo!! good luck tonite FLUFFY!!!! Hope i can see u!
I ranted to myself in the shower about it. Is it weird? Absolutely. Do I care? Not at all.
Evolutionary point indeed. The time is now RT : excellent concept, looking forward to evolving with you guys :)
"Between thought and expression, there lies a lifetime."
hahah wow you would ! Miss you too sis!
That's just not right, Kevin. She needs to fulfill her duties as First Lady. Meet & Greet, pressing palms....that kinda thing!
LOL That's a good way of looking at it! :)
We're a band from Pittsburgh just trying to meet some new people, and get our music out there! :)
How much is the buffet?
Sounds good, will do. I know we'll be at LAX Saturday and The Bank Sunday for a bit, but might relocate afterwards.
SORRY DAD
The last 21 entries on my TL are all about the I either need to follow a wider variety or Coach Boyle has this thing rolling!
Yes! RT Me three! RT Me too! RT Hey let's go single sort! I'm ready to mix it up
you ever want something better for someone but realize they don't want it for themselves? I care about you but it's apparent that you don't
sigh. I got nothin.
My favorite part is all of the fancy hats the ladies wear!
I have an iPhone... Just downloaded an app.. I don't get the point of Twitter.. Es la verdad.. what ru doing in LA?
6,000th Tweet. I think. whatever. goes out to everyone i love.
My favorite thing to do is go grocerie shopping.. I feel like an adult.. Lame
of course I am. At the crib.
my hair is a mess #TGIF and I'm on spring break
Why is so hot
Nobody admits fault anymore...
"my🍧brings all da👦👦to da🏠🌾and they're like, it's👍than yours, damn➡, it's👍than yours. i could 📝ya, but i'd have to💰”
This day already sucks.
The test wasn't as hard as I expected.
Need help!! How do I pass a drug test
This is what happens when i play DMX
NLM Update- New-Environmental Health Student Portal
are you trying to get me to call you again?
I just looked up my name, and come to find out im not the only Damia in this world
Going off the grid to finish a book chapter about computer networks. Ironic?
Do-It-Yourself Cat Door Recognizes Your Feline
I just saw a car with a mustache... #Win :)
Bases full of #BUCS for #TABY. Get it done Jose!
Why would you ever think it was a good idea to throw something at a guy on a bike? C'mon Madison, I expect better from you
A tweet i just saw made me just die!!!
its not looking good....tough conference
": Children learn through exploration, let them #BehaviourMatters"
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds.
Elections years always force me to remind myself that I shouldn't change my friendship with someone purely b/c of their political ideology.
Dear #YouTube, why did you block my movie clips...but I can find those same clips all over YouTube?
Hitler destroyed the German university with design; we destroyed ours without
John Wells, Leesburg Town Manager reported in last night's council meeting, we've bought our first hybrid for the town fleet, a Ford Escape
Thanks man! Waiting for to get on it...
I ask you a question I already know the answer to just to see if you'll lie to me.
Thankfully I'm not your father.
if you got eyes look at me now bitch.
I love long talks with Even if it is 2:15. I am so grateful.
It is nice to know I've developed reflexes + a louder voice in NYC. Thanks for listening + your good wishes/concern.
I might just take you up on the offer - thanks! I'd love some insight into the process. Address it to anyone in particular?
I haven't forgotten about you Emily and Peyton couldn't forget you even if he wanted to.
Take this life and let it shine.. Your will, your way. Always.
I need relief
Seriously... i miss surprise chocolates in my drawer, Pei Wei lunches, and happy faces on my car.
That wasn't just any cheese either... That was good Whole Foods cheese! Shredding cheese is the only kitchen thing I can do.
Can't wait for #SherlockPBS tonight - so much to do before then though.....
annoyed by hyperbolic statements... stick to reality. our country is stronger than any one man or party. confidence should replace fear.
That is gorgeous!
If you want a follow back, just tweet me! :D
Crazy Happy Hours tonight on special LUCKY CONTADINA ARROSTITA
Kick some ass suns!!!!!!
trade tickets w someone!!
Watching Hercules in english class >
Some days end up better than you expect.
Yeah, everyone who has come out so far said my house is high risk for termites and they won't treat it. It's very frustrating!
No. MT Be it TDAmeritrade or Schwab, the account application/transfer process via fax is archaic. Any custodian do it better?
My detailed outline of book #2 is due in 7 weeks and here I am online. I'll yell at you if you yell at me.
we were :( just for a hot second. we'll have to get together next time.
If you are not watching UNC - Ohio turn on the TV now!
God it feels so damn good to be home!
I am ready for MayDay! But must rest first.
43- 0 bet that S/O to Mayweather. Cotto gets respect but no no mas wins
would you happen to know? RT : do you know if there is in Tampa Bay?
Get 2 good practices in first. I wish we'd get you some touches.
We really appreciate your support! Maybe next year :).
Ok think i might do right
Adam is playing at the Beat Kitchen on March 10.
how's life in the big apple
WMYB on repeat:))
Happy Friday ;^)
I'm here too! Look up, and to the right ;)
I don't see any NBA fucks occupying jack shit.
G'nite everyone. Kel will follow up with you about that pic tomorrow..hahah. Xo
Save the Date! 4-5 August | RCS "Eye Movements, Reading, Visual Attention & Automaticity: Are They All Related?" by jack Richman, OD.
I hope everyone is having a great Thursday! Remember to keep Rethinking your Potential :)
Happy birthday, Mel! See you at the Toad!
Family tree by is easily one of the most beautiful Christmas songs. It encapsulates everything I love about Christmas.
So exciting!
You had me at the first page - "The circus arrives without warning." The Night Circus by Morgenstern
heading to replay for the spurs the toffees finished off blackpool in 48 seconds. I see #efc in the final with this 2nd hlf start
Someone in LA is BBQing breakfast!
Early bassist were barely heard.....now many guys are WAY to LOUD!....."balance" is the key!!
--> On my way to an informal evening with <--
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you!•
is speaking the truth!
Shopko had on sale RT : #Sadfact I still don't have a #packers cheesehead
Go! You'll always have what ifs if not & will always have this beautiful city to come back to! Congrats!!
you rolled it?
Hm looks like in addition to #scandal #CommonLaw with will be a new fav of mine also.
I love how bands follow me, I like listening to new music and hearing new voices.
we writers certainly have a way with words sometimes. Ha!
what up man!!!
It seems possible that the Dow will finish slightly positive. The NASDAQ seems destined to be down 1% or more. We've about 30 minutes left.
im quiet at school.
if tebow can do it week after week, you can do it once
I lowkey want to tell him something . But I can't , cause idk how .
DO YOU WANT TO BE PART OF A MOVIE?A WELL KNOWN VIDEO GAME AS WELL???YOU KNOW THE THRILLER DANCE??NEXT SATURDAY THE 10th IS THE DATE
Yes everything is okay & how about you?!
To be continue...
The most important things are always the hardest to say.
Age is mind over matter. If you don't mind, it doesn't matter.
To the guy in the car infron of me.... You sure as hell know how to spit out a hoker... (However you spell it)
Sometimes you need to hear what you already know ~
Damn I forgot to green today
i hate SHE ABUSES INNOCENT GINGERS
My cinco de mayo=coronas+red bull & vodka+sum rum shittt l+shot of tequila+Li iced tea=a crazy ass nite=one heck of an morning #wishme luck
Aww... just seeing this. Thanks, Chris! :) RT : your girls are ADORABLE!!!
Not good
Spring training kickoff party saturday as only we can do! Hosted by and !!!!
check out this great blog www.itechnologyinfo.com for all you computer needs
Hey Alexis! Thanks for the follow. How’s your day going?
“: Melo showing heart and guts but we are gonna lose him for the season if he hurts his groin more! get him out of this game!!”
Watching Indiana Jones & the Temple of Doom, haven't seen it in years. Didn't realize how politically incorrect it was.
if she's your wife, it doesn't count as stalking.
On a scale of 1-10 on how ridiculous tonight is we're at a solid 11 maybe 12. Even when Rush Hour is dead it never disappoints.
Been on the grind hard!!! Gotta get myself some rest and relaxation soon!!!
Big ups to the ladies of NU hockey #beanpotchamps must be nice
He said it! "Being a cover artist is not like being a real artist. That's just copying what someone else did." - Bach
The Bucks can't chuck their way to victory. Ugh.
hahahahah just realized the picture was attached=) we are so strange haha
"Civilizations die from suicide, not by murder," ~~Arnold Toynbee British historian
Happy Birthday Crafty Goodness! The store officially turns one today!
Idgaf how much money I got I will be dam if I make it rain for anybody
where you at ! imma come in my pajamas :))
Rookie of the year is on...my night just was finalized for plans.
they're done, finished cooked.
6LOVE you and I will always support you! I cried watching your elimination. You didn't deserve to go home at all♥ 4
Ladies bring out the Little Black Dressed The Black and Purple Edition This Saturday Special Pre-Mother's day Wine testing
theres a remake called let the right one in. Theyre both really good.
lol thanks hannah! :) I am I can only handle so much
WHY IS THERE CAT HAIR EVERYWHERE
Today is such a beautiful day! :)
I said "Canvassing for Obama." I wasn't aware he was either.
hey! Thanks for the follow!
Respect to da fallin! SALUTE!!™ 10 beats today will be downloadable n honor for dem! 1st beat will come n 30mins.! p.a.i.n is released den
Ryan can u follow back so we can DM? Wanna talk some pigskin on our show.
live at our Camp Randall location from 3-6pm! In years past Coach Bielema, Barry Alvarez, and past players have stopped by!
RT : I've kicked for a cause with Radio City Christmas Spectacular's Kicking Across America!
I'm feeling good and in that mood haha
Memorable acts are not on the main stage- think small moments in the museum- Amina
Cleveland Radio worst in Ohio.
But those are your people! I'm surprised he didn't ask you why your company needs a public API...
“: just killed another mouse! thats 3 in one day! how many are here?! :s” <<<It's a Mouse Massacre! 😱🐭🔫
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Rebel - Ultra-lounge (live updates)
The secret of golf: Use your real swing to take the big divot, use your practice swing to make the shot, and always hit the do-over first.
They are amazing! :)RT : The way my family just accepts him is SO great. I think they might even love him.
RT Plz dont ask ppl U dont know to give U a referral on #in. U should only ask ppl who can legitimately endorse U
Spring Season for The Constitutional starts on Thurs. 4/1. Tours will run daily through November. Check www.phillywalk.com for schedule.
what if you arrive in Cinci at 8am? Is skyline chili still your first meal there?
lemme know what you think!!
Happy Easter Everyone!
damn the time i decide not to go to home haha its okay i will see you tonorrow in San Antonio haha
stop eyeballing me
And now LeBrick is throwing his worthless 2 cents into the fray.
anytime sugar I'll start saving up lol as long as I get to play wit them once every couple of months
Thanks for the visit tonight...we missed you.
Thanks! Have a great weekend.
lolol cuz my cousin is going too and she's bringing her boyfriend too. Soo I'm not sure. Ill see :p
Be careful who you allow in your home. Someone with a broken-down car may only be looking for valuables instead of making a call for help!
Sometimes it feels like my mom is my child and i'm the adult, she's so clueless lol
Live Dallas who need a stylist for the Super bowl weekend. I am 5 minutes from DFW Airport. 8009108603
What about SM with clients? RT : A5. Firms must have regular ads in client publications; 7 exposures at a minimum.
Twins are the best this world has seen
In 1979, in front of the Egyptian pyramids, Sinatra performed for Anqar Sadat.
Omg my mom turned down a proposal lol thank you LORED #LEGGO #swag srry I just don't like him sometimes xD
Can we have our 70 degree weather back? Yes I'm a wimp when it comes to the cold!
Have an earbud jammed in my ear after the earpiece i wear to hear my producer broke today.
RT-had a dream I could buy my way into heaven/// Streets are paved with gold...aint gonna happen.
Listening to some girl talk about traveling at the table next to me...sigh. Makes me want to go to Europe again...
pero you have to understand certain people have different situations.
it's time
wan some?
Any updates on the progress of The LIttle Death Vol. 2?
Got $10? Then you’ve got all the beer you care to drink all night long! Does it get any better than this?
You can glean a lot of wisdom from lying on the floor. All you can do is look up. And notice the ceiling needs painting.
I'm really shhh! Don't tell anyone. :D
we are pretty ready to go i feel like, but i know there's going to be shit that we haven't thought of.
No force in the 'verse can stop me.
steve, thank you for tinkering in your garage and making this all possible. fortunate to have been alive during your time. RIP
#vsa2011 practicing our stalking I mean tracking in Science Storms Three Methods Workshop
I'm putting my hair down tomorrow ironed!! do you think it would be pretty if i put it down tomorrow?!
I would love to help you with your company's #causebranding. #SocialEntrepreneurship is not taught, you're born with it.
Had to come back to #RaymondLawrence to bring to see all the awesome goodies for sale!
obsessed with
...and I thought NVivo9 was fun - I'm blown away! QSR is not messing around.
You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus
:-) MT : #Chemistry is so much fuuuunnnn. Thanks goodness for . Best thing #stumbleupon has ever taken me to!
his answer will be "all hockey plays"
Lazyweb: Anyone know of a Chrome plug-in that somehow shows the URL that a shortened link redirects to?
Roses are red, violets are VIOLET, get it right poets or please just be quiet.
i love this picture.! Exactly how i would feel meeting you.!
Right befoer Brock came out the tv camera was 2 rows in front of me have to see if im on tv
There are low spots in our lives, but there are also high spots, and most of them have come through encouragement from someone else. –...
coming very soon!!!! #DaMovement2..... bangin doe
five minutes in the park with the dog - five mosquito bites. not a good ratio.
so simple, yet potential for masterpiece in your hands!
Got to witness the proposal between two people I don't know last night at the lampposts outside LACMA. She said yes.
Meant to be going to Zayn Malik's hometown on Friday :) .. Happy Happy Happy ... Anyways Hey YOU BEAUTIFUL Mahomies <3 ~Leanne<21
Gas pedal is on the right
"You are, in this moment, the sum total of all that you are, have been, and the potential of your complete becoming."
#orioles bullpen has 1.58 ERA, 1.08 ERA if you take out Kevin Gregg
FUCK american style so called "one direction" i LOVE my uk/irish they r the best!!!!!
With recent tweets about Robert Allen and ugly girls at aTm, is scoring some serious twitter points during the bad OSU game.
I feel what he saying about buying unnecessary stuff but he be over the top
what the heck was it? It's driving me crazy!
In West Hollywood it looks like a lot of its denizens went to the same plastic surgeon and ordered the Nonchalant Gay Boy Face.
Off to purdue with and
i wish. you can't edit or delete anything from a former guide. it's like starting on square negative 600.
ok then lol
Loving this fall weather. #PumpkinSpiceLatte from is what I need right now.
I Need 10 People Follow She Follows Back #teamfollowback & You Get A Promo To her 85k Just REPLY " DONE" When Finished" x3
Can't do anything right
Victory is mine. Found the tiny hole in my thermarest, averting further gradual-onset rocky cold nights.
That's an $11 billion boost to the couch potato industry.
You can borrow my Shake Weight,
Moving day Part 1 tomorrow.
you're welcome.. I aw trying to come out there but no one was going to take me that far sowwy
hope ur doing good at home! Just checking up on u!!! miss u at school! :(
Champions for Children sets Live Radio Show for April 28 - Palestine Herald Press
great stuff man. consider us fans!! do u see ours?
Remember that hilarious April Fool's joke played on the public by the media? Neither do I.
I focus on television primarily, and I think we have a potential cinema person. Open to all Asian media :)
He's got something special....!
yup. & now shes being even more of a cunt
We must get our Congressional delegation to speak with one voice to the EPA and stand up for coal and for WV families
RT : thanks for the interview this morning...Soundbooth TV loves u!!!
good job!
Help change her mind!!!!!! PLEASE!!! SHE TRYING TO COMMIT SUICIDE!!
Do I contradict myself? Very well, I contradict myself. I am large. I contain multitudes. -- Waltey Whitman (who else?)
I have a thing with white shirts and coffee stains this week...
Bring a knife to a fist fight, a gun to a knife fight, and a M134 to anything else
i mean i take 36mg of a strong meth drug every morning...dont think that makes gomez less crazy....but i love it...
I promise you will get a good mention when I write my late 90s-early Aughts black corporate internet roman-a-clef
Put the surface of your watch facing upwards to prevent unwanted scratches on the watch face.
Stop. You're making me jealous. But I couldn't do that!! Where do the shoes go!?!?
The world moves fast and it would rather pass you by than to stop and see what makes you cry.
no, just not in the mood!
Back to Narnia: can we all agree that MAGICIAN'S NEPHEW is the only really great one?
thanks! We love being the cookie of the south! Come back for a visit and a taste!
Granting some sources confidentiality, sure, but a spokesperson for a municipal agency?! cc:
Sarah is there !!!
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 37
Celebrating post-NZ Thanksgiving today: candied yams, stuffing, green beans, cranberry sauce, yeast rolls, and pumpkin pie!
It's been a decade! Too long! cat & DJ around..bumpin Can we bring #Deephouse back to the Dub?
Only if you want to miss out on Stubb's on 6th street! But then, I'm sure we could handle multiple bbq venues...
#thatawkwardmoment when you realize no one is listening to you so you stop talking in mid-sentence.
Going to spend some time relaxing today after an insane week of ups and downs.
Creddie or Seddie? "My sister is off limits. Seddie-- They can go to town, I don't care." -Jerry Trainor. that dude cracks me up, man
I've lost a lot of followers 😔
Do you see me now! Look into my fucking eyes!
Welcomed 3 more first time families to DC practice today. Simultaneously upgrading our McLean office's IT capability.
Let's go to #Indy “: GAME. SET. REMATCH. The G-Men defeat the Niners, and will face the Patriots in Super Bowl XLVI.”
Can't wait for my bes Fran time tonight with twitter less Katey! Only an hour left of work! :)
you arent real
you're welcome!
ANOTHER explosion in Roslindale?
We have and instagram ! Follow us creator_hxc!
Oh hey I know that little guy! He lives in my back yard.
there u go with them false dreams! Ainy happening #Injuries!
U #Stole everything from me..
Looking forward to having a great Family Home evening.
thanks! i.like.your.face....hehehe<3 lunch was hilarious! I love you an your faces(:
Why the fuck am I up right now? Screw you Saturday academy
The place of pain, becomes the place of preparation!
#buildathon volunteers will drink 750 gallons of and 400 cups of coffee this week
WiFi sadly compromised by all the midday users... Off to find a Starbucks for faster internet and coffee for faster Jess. :D
Boise State has more first rounders so far in this draft than the entire Big Ten. Sad
I have always liked John Waters's eccentric sense of humor.
no. Here YOU go walking down the stair and grabbing me a 40
I live about an hour from there! It is no problem, just depends on what day/time you fly in on so I can see if I'm working
that young sintra I video is fucking amazing
In life u can absolutely count on 1 thing:Everything can turn in 1 min.Don't u dare giving up,u might be only 1 moment away from a windfall.
Looking forward to going home and hanging out with my kid. Yeah, I'm that person.
Don't choose the one who is beautiful to the world. But rather, choose the one who makes your world beautiful.
Loving your blog on state of public schools!
she's in Louisiana..
Yeah, she really earned it. No one came close, especially of those three.
James jones HOW COULD U DROP THAT BALL?
thanks for the reply :-)
Don't miss today's keynote w/ Natl Geo photographer Dewitt Jones over at the convention ctr at 8 a.m.
Correction: #FF places to go & things to do
I haven't been sick in a long time I knew it was coming to a theater near you smh 😓
My student Tommy gives me song suggestions on T-shaped post-its. Today: Of Monsters & Men, "Little Talks." It's the nicest thing!
Totally over this rain everyday thing...
"Circuit out", 2500 customers affected according to DVP website.
haha omg that's right - that's you guys! I haven't even seen it yet! Can't find it online
Get it gurrrllll LOL RT : sweet! Hey , wanna buy me some new jeans for you to stare at?
if they had a black version.
All I see on FB is girls posting up videos of themselves fighting & people commenting telling them they have hands when they only pull hair.
Where can you go and increase the amount of money get back on your refund by as much as 50%? See how our SaveUSA program can help you:...
Yeah they are worth the initial investment $$$
My mother used to live in midtown and still works there when she's in the US - saw it at $36/daily or so as of last year.
lmao apparently I thought y'all were rebels! mym! “: "never have i ever....ran away from home..." [crickets] lol ”
Yo, we can #MakeItHappen by the end of this year if y'all willing to put in that work. I'ma do it with or without you, so you in or not?
If you ever get a chance to do a class w/ , do it. Learned so much. Thanks for hosting; Tom a great host (as usual)
That being said.... At least Indy's handling Manning better than GB handled Favre.
He beat me, I give up
I NEED 10 FEMALES THAT WOULD BE INTRESTED IN PLAYING IN A FEMALES BASKETBALL GAME FOR A MUSIC VIDEO
So we talking game 7 tickets yet?
#PR firms are like flea markets: some offer delightful discoveries and genuine value while others have half empty bottles of shampoo.
a roger waters fan, too? be still my heart!
Spring fever > February flu.
you the one on his dick not me lol
AFRA WHY ARENT YOU FOLLOWING FOOL? -KEN
scratch me!!! I'm itchy!!!
Sick as a fucking dog
is this real enough for you?!?!
how come you're not doing "t.g.i.f."? that song is a party.
Just sent a bitchy email to prof. for having a blind person supervise us during the test; she knew nothing abt the test and told us to guess
Would like to welcome my new recruit, Haygood to the Scentsy family! We are so thrilled to have you on board!
It's snowing! Is anyone else working today? Downtown is such a ghost town right now.
Yay #pla12!!! So excited to b here!
yeah not many people like country music anymore. That's all I listen to, and want to listen to.
you should follow first, but then
do not retweet Katy Perry
thank you, but I do genuinely hope you believe that what I originally wrote holds true to me.
Rehearsing today with the wonderful and -bringing me back to peacock days!
You would think it would be the opposite...
#ECET2 Listening to Katherine Shaw from Business School talk about corporate HR systems and how they support employees...
Been following girl! :)
I feel like such a loser because I go to bed so early. xD
Whats Up Its been a while since I been On Hmu!!! Life Has Been A rRollerCoaster Ride Lately
RT Mama White , Daddy Black So That Ass Super Fat !
Hi Yes, we were there last night I remember you and your family :) My kids were the older asian kids,
I just entered to win a lovely blue WordPress shirt from ! (Hopefully I'll win, and wear it our next Baltimore WordPress meetup.)
They won it in 2000. Boller was drafted in '03.
Who was the genius who scouted Pedro Strop? ......I fired him.
I'll be on #FaceToFace w/ and tonight! 630 outside of Las Vegas / 730 Las Vegas
nice location too: a gym for kids.
let's go hawks
And everyone though Taylor Swift was going to top Forbes.
Does that mean I can stop driving? 33 miles out..... Contact period.... Over.
YW! Look forward to your tweets.
It&#39;s Time to Have &quot;The Talk&quot;
You have to watch the new trailer for the Dark Knight Rises. Its so good words cannot deserve it.
411GreenWave is going LEED. "Leadership in Energy Environmental Design"
Damn watchd Monday's game on tv just realized i had tickets
How do u like it?
Wheew! Thanks for all of the support to make a phenomenal print sale! Big thanks to for coming out. LOVE those polenta fries!
Brrr…. Rather envious of the team at
Work.. Check you lovely followers out ✌
ah just missed you guys.
It's so difficult, but it's so worth it. You should give it a shot!
Beautiful Joy! Don't tell me u are a Restonian? Are u? If so, we are neighbors! You know what that means, don't u? Coffee date! :)
Red velvet cupcake and chocolate egg for breakfast. I love being an adult.
To be completely honest- real life boys are much more interesting than virtual social networking.
that'd be awesome :) ..we should have a tweet up every week
Me gusta la pizza.
Curious about assignments and readings for your leadership class next q.. any you'd be willing to share?
You're welcome, Mike! RT : Thanks Mary! I'm glad I'm not the only one who finds inflatable cats funny.
Green before building / a change in our perception / why is this scary?
Thanks, Glenda. I wasn't familiar with the blogging of
you do realize that you're probably going to get 100s of those clocks now right??
new remix of Of Monsters and Men- Little Talks. check it out!
I feel you fam! If the deal not right for you then it no deal
What is this "phone booth" of which you speak? I have hear tales of such marvels...
Had a meeting with the suits upstairs..Its interesting to hear people that think speak.
:) RT : New features coming to Screenr next week so we’ll be offline this Sunday 8-10am PDT while we perform the upgrade.
ah. we've got a ton of jobs running right now. hope to upgrade fairly soon!
is it me or is every one trying took hook for for the fall
ITS KOBE FAULT FOR TURNIN THE BALL OVER THAT CHANGED THE GAME
Google "Let It Snow"
- what time does the event start again?
We are now hiring!! Come join our team! Send us those resumes!!
...It looks like you"ve hit a following limit. I went to your facebook account to request to join. Thank you :) Kasia
"What if God was one of us!?" -Joan Osborne "You've got to be kidding me..." -Jesus
Are you fo' serious?! Of course I am! The beat is just perfect. Little faster than my normal tempo, but I got it.
I want to skype.
It's kinda like how I bought MS Weddings for like 2 years before we were even engaged.
humble is important. It is so sad. he is shell of who he was. it is important to stay on the ground and human in the heart
Food trucks have worked. Next -- mobile barber? Need Beatnik Barber downtown.
Yesterday Nikki Nicole one of the girls that i used to play with when i was younger died yesterday in a car accident. R.I.P 12\1\2011
Actually, it's both: social phenomena (e.g. music) both articulate AND influence social values, behaviors
Don't ya luv when he's called "Mr. Freeze!" Where R Ahnold & Otto when U need them?
love...death...love again?
Lmao ur silly Darrin darling RT : Why u asking all them questions..making statements..assuming..
#happy to go to #sleep with a #smile on my face
haha. Sorry bub! I'm good bro. Hope you the kid and wife are good man!
Beautiful weather in #Chicago again today! Anybody else experiencing nice weather? -Adam
just watch 2gether the movie.. i haven't seen it in years :)
hahahahaha WILL you go the java with me?
betch answer your own god damn cousin
Gotta love leaving your phone unattended at the barcamp after party.
Hello, we are on old Pineville Rd. not far from Dilworth. Just had an event for the men's shelter this week on Dilworth Rd!
hmm..not sure how to respond. I wish you the best bro. Really I do. If you knew me you'd know I really mean that...
Just announced, Kevin Costner to Release a special 17th Anniversary edition of "Water World" and dedicate it to Whitney Houston
MAHOMIES GONNA LOVE is trending worldwide . & i remember when you only had 600 followers. Look at you & your #mahomies now <3
oh sounds so cool! Will you posting on 's blog? :-)
i love the creativity that Gorillaz has brought into "Pop" music.They gave Del a larger platform,&made BobbyWomacks genius a part of 2010.
It would be an honor to have you desk-sit for me, Owney. But I would need to create new metal tag for occasion.
I am certainly not one of people who have to be prodded. In fact, if anything, I am the prod.
> Thank you! Have a fantastic weekend!
#Bears well get there ass kicked tonight
don't give me that face Andre. You be throw a smile up there and be happy :)
well I think the corollary to the "trauma" is that parents try to heal undresolved trauma through their kids.
thanks so much for your support Norris!
: My point. That Nuggets team, like the other teams in the playoffs are more athletic than ANY team Jordan faced.
Yay my gym is back open - so I'm back to my morning workouts!
Grant Parish photo contest is open now - Alexandria Town Talk
Did you just say fried chicken cause I'm black? D;<
They say that nobody is perfect. Then they tell you practice makes perfect. I wish they'd make up their minds.-- Wilt Chamberlain
Ok, whose idea was it to volunteer me to be fashion model today?! : Great turnout for fashion show at Simon Fashion Valley Mall
Hey Michelle! :) Just wanted to swing by and say Hi to one of Dive's biggest supporters!
he is doing some mean batting too
The show that B Shels was going to perform at tmrw is cancelled due to issues with the club.
i feel sorry for metta world peace too, fckin up his good name on that team.
But scored in final minute to win over Miami and stopped four plays from inside 5 yard line in last minute to win over Jacksonville
ok makeup/hair team.. looks stunning. Fantastic song choice Jessica!:)
No to coonhounds. They howl. I've already got a cat that howls.
Nevershoutnever? I think yes c:
TWiT Live has live video images from Ryan Block in the iPad3 demo room. Even over Skype video the retina display is unbelievable.
Thanks for shortening my tweet, twitter.
Thanks! We had fun! / “: A. says your reading was a HUGE packed success- congrats!
J.R Smith will take every late shot possible smdh.
I'm so excited u r graduating! Omg! What r u majoring in? Where do u work? I'm good! School and I intern at E! I'm excited 2 c u!
Only a few hours left to get in on INCOMPLETE PASSES giveaway on
There has to be pictures somewhere
She is She will tell you to immediately lose your egg avatar :)
If photography was like rockstars, you guys would be the Beatles or U2 of photography. Absolutely amazing!
tweet a pic with the new spray tan=delicious!!
i think that every time i see u choad!
Sunday Funday! What's on your agenda? I say an order of our famous garlic parm fries and an ice cold brew sound perfect!
Decorating my parents car tomorrow! #NeedTheseTickets!
That just pissed me off... Always happens
Where in heaven's name is Hip Hop going???
Morning, Tim. Please pass the pot of coffee to me when you have filled your cup!
Your announcement envelope is divine. =)
"Big hat, no cattle."
lol nope, just diseased :(
Ohoho no poor Rep. Weiner. And how easy is it to name a dick pic scandal of someone whose name is weiner?
what a lovely day. (:
I feel really sick. :(
Just want to say ive been watching you on t.v since I was a kid! Your amazing and beautiful! You ooze awesomeness!
"A life of reaction is a life of slavery, intellectually and spiritually. One must fight for a life of action,not reaction."~Rita Mae Brown~
what's today's topic?
Each year in America there are about 300,000 deaths that can be attributed to obesity
If you marry into a family with 4 sisters, Holliday family gatherings mean an abundance of food :).
I'm really okay with being single on V-Day...I've got a hot date with ! :D
I feel like Southland Tales and The Happening both got a bad rap due to the "bandwagon effect".
Had the most meaningful Thanksgiving holiday w family, close friends in Mom's memory...very much missed.
Decided I'm happily single .
you like those bassists? We definitely need to schedule a jam session
I can't stand when guys have little fucking pissy mood swings... All the time! Chill with all that. Be pissed on your own time.
Just read LeBron's needlessly self-pitying comments in response to Perk & Bird. And then caught this classic trending:
Do you tweet? Follow us on Twitter
Carpenter road dedication in #Lacey coming...great job #Lacey Public Works! Now let's tackle the College St corridor...what a mess!
How many ignores does it take to get you to stop texting me?
Burton is no fun anymore
oh. Good to know.
Mr. Biden is sucking a throat lozenge.
what would we be without our childhood friends? Naomi, youre awesome.
Blue Jays now selling Twitter handle T's (via , )
Sign up for free here: afreething.com/Yours, and wait till your convinced, then you'll be in posisition to upgrade when you want.
lamb today is on the menu. I freaking love you)
so jealous and distrurbed at the same time
A nap is highly needed for me right now.. 😲
i missed my tweethearts, how youve been?
carma is a bitch so i hope that bitch dont do me to bad,lol
awww.. I think I'm the lucky one.
really video?? Lol
eh I'm alright I guess lol, what about you?
Awww, haha. I'm great, thanks for asking! ;D
Find out if your relative has long-term care insurance with in-home benefits. Request forms and documents to claim caregiver benefits.
dude you missed it the school caught on fire
“: I love the Penguins on Frozen Earth” me too
lol your cool.I like you!
And that's why I'll never go on a cruise.
We're always looking for female masseuse who are interested in a part-time/on-call job.
That would be an awesome bowl game. Play until one team cries uncle
get ready for tonight!This will be the last MyPatio Sunday till next year!!
": #Taurus gives great love, attention, and is good at fulfilling someone's needs."
Wenndy: "Why are they crying?" Me, Courtney: "Because they just won the Super Bowl." Wenndy: "Then why isn't the other team crying?"
I think is creeping(:
Madison Pharmacy Associates – Weight-bearing exercise becomes more important as you get older, strengthens muscles to protect bones.
Sorry for the radio silence! The next issue of They will be released Mid June 2012. The Los Angeles Issue.
Justin Bieber is talented so don't even go there i'd like to see you do what he does
I love You TOO Much Going Mindless
where does one find not terrible looking shoes with good support for a price that will allow me to keep my limbs?
Getting ready for work.
you're not afraid to love you're just afraid of not being loved
She's not a saint and she's not what you think, she's an actress. And she's better known for the things that she does on the mattress.
These hoes can't wash 4 shit... What pimp gotta stain n his shirt?? Smph
Juror 3083: Owns pool service business...dismissed for financial hardship
"Live life FULL, until you are EMPTY!™ — Delano Johnson
u know u care 
APDS dot edu We'll be live tweeting the event and will be taking questions over social media!
Sometimes I still need you.
We love you guys. We already want you to come back for the fall planting season!
Amazing weather today in DC!
listen to your son he knows what he is talking about.. Smart young man...
Yep but visiting family in Virginia 2nite. Wish I was closer to Wheeling. Sure would Love to catch up next time u r in Nashvegas
lol u are older and u gotta ride bitch like a little kid lmao
chicago manual of style. let me count the ways.
Spaces Gallery. Tonight talk on contracts for artist. Starts at 6:30 Free for Spaces members $5 for others. See you there....
I understand every word, sweet girl. Let me know if u want to chat. U have something ppl can't teach.. Always remember that
Ahh just been working n hoopin everyday.moving to Fla n bout 5 days
You - and your future - are not problems to be solved. Just Show Up and Be Yourself - and make conscious choices.
#TeamTrill its more than a movement.
-sits in car- damn it. - backs up and pulls off-
let's fucking go
CONTINUATION. and I'm not mean I'm sassy! and I've noticed how your mom is always at the gym :3 maybe i am a stalker.....
Fridays suck when you've got nothing to do. I was gonna go to my schools football game... But then I couldn't
welcome to eWeek Canada!
We're looking for users of for some quotes/thoughts/feedback..Is it you? Let us know!
Follow he's back on twitter!!!
is that the channel she's on? I just saw some commercials for some ridiculous looking shows
I pinky swear !!
- there's vicious rumors of yr David Lynch series in 9 days, but zero info on your site. Has it been cancelled? What's the story??
The Greece situation will get worse before it gets better.
that video is from last week
If you're stressed, close your eyes and imagine your favorite place in the world to be in and be calm wherever you are like at a empty beach
no other way
Y'all I'm so dang hungry!!
Thanks! RT : The annual Zombie crawl is this Sat- trying to break a world record - wonder what I could do to promote that event?
Thank you God for this BEAUTIFUL day!!
Wtf Im starting to trip out.! O.o
great to see you at the Madison East store event with Randall Cobb yesterday!
": The A will be half empty this afternoon for game 1 of the playoffs #fact"< 13 fans......white shirts will cover the seats
get anything at walmart? Other than crabs, of course.
RT The 1 conference I wasn't able to get to this year is lighting up its hashtag! Love doing good? Follow
Aww! That's so sweet! :]
Gone to the moon
what are the set-times for Future Islands show to night
Buster sucks
#uk carpet == #us rug. although, still laughing so much at seeing "chunder" written down! ;-)))
Ah a walk to remember is on next 😍
May as well make money on the fun things and avoid the less-fun things, I reckon.
Yea I'm interested. I'm on lunch atm but will be back online around 5:30 EST.
Hate everything about it.
Got asked by a few Greeks today if I was Greek. Guess that means I fit in and can find my Hercules for a big fat Greek wedding!
Happy snow day Colorado! Siting at home? Throw us a bone. Let's keep it going strong today. Thank you!!!
Or I could just move to NYC and ride the subway. That would help a lot
Now that my studio is clean, perhaps I will get some work done this week! :)
#Imagine waking up to Harry tracing his fingers up and down your spine, making you shiver.
One Direction Patriots Center. :)
"And B.I. said King remind yourself... nobody built like you... you designed yourself."
So excited to purchase a original painting! If you're in #Birmingham this weekend, check out her work at Lynn Park.
Someone take me out of this class 😭
see u in an hour and a half. Try to get some sleep!
www.facebook.com/lastcallromance
There's a mockingbird outside on my balcony rail. I'm going to kill it to be ironic.
Good thing I can think rationally.
RT Couldn't "mind of god" be a metaphor for all knowing and predictive? #ttw12 #d2 - digital omniscience?
The main difference between a visionary and a dreamer is action.
I didn't catch much of his work during those games, was referring more to his brief stints on CSNNE's shows
I have literally spent this entire morning looking at photos of myself...
Yes!! RT : #Carnival has arrived!
Bout to Rock Chico
Great meeting with filmmaking compadre this afternoon. Good things are brewing, methinks.
This weekend>>
Hip-hop was created by the dj!
must not tweet
The XO Skins should help clear up the look of your screen by reducing finger prints and smudges.
Business Development Director & Campus Consultant... Was on Sigma Alpha Mu staff as director from 2004 to 2010 & still serve as vol
teenage fans that are gonna make him big..
Whole Foods is the perfect place to pick up all of the ingredients for your holiday meal. They are always supporting the neighborhood.
I'm glad we have the old back <3
I hope you had a wonderful Birthday with your family Rick!
Its the most wonderful time of the year.
is your game over already?
it's the email for imessage
#808Pridenews Its 9:55am and i just woke up kama should be up in like 6hours
Thanks for shout-out about my classes. Look forward to perhaps seeing you there...
my favorite quote!
get wit the movement
most ridiculous thing in Doyle blog = idea that major owner of a $billion business would stop paying attention for no reason.
Tomorrow night, THUR 7/14, we have ZOOGMA! Opening the show are DJ's Juan Cosby and DJ Stump (of Skeetones). Ages 18+ / $10
Best. Exclamation. Ever. RT Sweet mother of pickles! We're going to #ala12 cc:
I past San Antonio now its where you live! :-P
you can learn much here- it is prom night and I have a junior so I'm hanging out/catching up/reading links after STL blues win!
you'll be in my heart too <3
"Bieber vs One Directon vs The Wanted"? okay, that's so fucking stupid. 1. Justin is a SOLO artist, the other 2 are bands.& I love 1D & JB(:
Who's from the bay area? :)
5 more hours! :-D
What's a God to a non-believer?
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait! Ya'll got yall panties in a bunch over some 30 sec snippets??? Well, I be damned...
I'm not a 'Business-Man'! I'm a Business... man! Let me handle my business, damn!" ~ Jay-Z
When you are ready love will appear!
Loves the Karma WP Theme but is aggravated that the site option panel breaks once so much CSS has been added. Child Themeing is the answer.
any way to up the limit on the Sir Mix-A-Lot Live room?
Cool! I love Logan Lerman! And your getting distracted with All Time Low music?
totes wanted to wait a day to say happy birthday. I didn't want my sentiment to get lost in all the clutter! Happy Birthday!
Twitter home screen filled up with
Cast. Dir. Sherie Hernandez (Rita Rocks). Fun, great personality! Met again Cast. Dir. Tarquin Alexander (Middle). Helped clean up resumes.
(i'd still smang tho. early)
Ok #TwitterPause again :)
yes gurl ...nothing against sharon just
Man you are making me JEALOUS! I gotta work on my live sound skillset so I can come out with you all next time!
You're a good person.
Finally watched Cowboys & Aliens. Visuals and audio was great, the movie overall was ok.
Officially done with grad school ! Woo!
It's Friday! Get out there and make today fabulous!
Buy a random stranger a drink at
RT : Gov. signs Senate Bill 98 reconstituting the Board of Registered
Everyone's having delusions of grandeur here. RT : Probably could have got back to LA.
Sean Peyton suspended for a year without pay! Nice move, NFL, they needed to do something about the cheating!!!
that sux imma move so its gunna happen to me i just dont want to ruin our friendship he told me he thinks it would b risky
Have fun with it!
That feeling of shame IS NOT unique to the Asian culture. I watched Oprah the other day when she interviewed the family members of notor ...
My Fav. show is BEST INK
I Want Ha I Really Want
Its cold!!!
Genius is being able to understand the essence without having all of the information. Genius is the ability to see through to the essential.
#sotellmewhy im so in love with you ")
has the fire off hamilton pool been contained?
Pedro slumping..
Mom made me go to sleep at 8 last night so I could get 10 hours sleep. Huh? I don't need that much sleep. Tonight I am going to lock door.
Carmen San Francisco
Thanks for the follow Chris Price (ahtohg)! :)
I'm pretty sure it's not whatever is going around but still lots if colds in my office
Awesome. What's your email address? I'll drop you a note with the meeting info. Thanks!!
I like a challenge!! Sn: feeling how this weather looks, ugh!!
Kei down and limping! I told you this dang rain not good on my guys!! This sucks.
#sschat, Thanks for the great chat tonight!
It took a whole week for somebody to register this. whois geneticallydifferent.com
EDS launching Be-Salty.com
Daughter just saw on FSN and said, "Hey, is a pitcher!"
hey jealousy, hungry heart
When I run errands before work I always forget I have to go to work at some point. My bad
and I, sir, am not an engineer ;)
Full Moon in #Virgo today! Great for writing, taking care of details, communication, cleaning. Watch out for worry, criticisms, depression
Ok Back to making tracks!!!!
MY LAND LORD IS A SCUM BAG.
LA Bound!!
climbing through a heating duct to get to hockey game at
I read the first paragraph.
the only "Very Short Introduction" book that I really wanna translate to Persian has no chance of getting published in Iran!:
You never know who's coming by the suite..Cardinals player & country stars tonite
very HD lol
I did that with grad school. Work plus scholarships plus stipend for being officer on student ALA chapter.
For sure - after January 10th (end of CES). Until then, no time to kick back with the JD. Must focus...
the fake celebrities, the relationship advice, the sarcastic willy wonkas. its fuckin awful
your hair is curly like mine<3
use gloves. Don't want to get it dirty.
That's why I don't have a dog
I'll give it month :P
Guys are so gross.
Driving Through Washington D.C.?
Just heard the phrase "Jack off the King" dropped casually on TV with nobody thinking twice? You're watching
Las Vegas Cash Mob wants your input for a bumper sticker slogan......GO
I'm ready to watch the Bears game. Bear Down Bears Fans!!
I love Taylor Swift she is my idol and she is also really beautiful and i wish i knew her or had one chance of meeting her <3333
": Ewww yucko RT : Vinegar...(apple cider.another weight loss remedy! >>>hahahaha...im game for almost anything son
Spending the day w/ my little ones & the Wii. Gas heat & warm hearts. Looking forward 2 dinner and great company headed over in a few hours.
If I knew this was going to happen I wouldn't of been so stupid.
how r u babe
All it takes is usually one purchase to pay for the space rental and salaries.
is my 17th Bday!! And I get a birthday tweet please!?!?! I love you guys!!! <333
Thank you for the congrats :)
the look holds up better than I woulda thought... but id still prefer it handdrawn...this will also be the style for the next batman
I won't go anywhere of you do
:D your amazing(: i love your song down to earth(:
Girls that tan (;
This afternoon's Studio Session with Good Old War has been cancelled due to illness.
Pretty good, moved around a lot... glad to see you're still in music - I like "Loud Enough"!
loved APG's Professional Management Conference today. Great way to kick off #FGS2010. Still no tweeting allowed during sessions this year.
DO YOU THINK JAY Z WOULD DO A MIXTAPE AT THIS POINT IN HIS CAREER?
Time to have fun at mad planet! Seeing
#Heat aren't winning SHIT this year - at least 5 teams as good or better right now with the playoffs around the corner...
haven't tried it myself. but hear it gets LARGE props. based on work by and -used to load a billion triples
My birthday present from >>>>>>>
I've been using an excessive amount of :) in my emails today... must be trying to beat the #CaseoftheMondays on behalf of my recipients!
#NP Pixies - Where is my Mind? (Bassnectar Remix)
he's all yours, come down to the Llano and take him.
#NOWPLAYING : Pumped Up Kicks - Foster The People <3
Playing the afterparty at This will be EPIC!
In addition to the standard MyLincoln technology, the 2011 MKX will also feature HD Radio with iTunes tagging
Morning y'all ^__^
Stunned by this planet.
We've had that happen too. Crazy coach made the teenage ump cry.
indiana dryvit contractors, indiana dryvit repair, indianapolis dryvit contractors, indianapolis dryvit repair, indianapolis stucco
stick it to tha man bby!
Ease of use, flexible on-iPad editing, alt file uploading (i.e. Dropbox), variety of high-quality transition options, etc.
Glad to know Jimmy Iovine passed on the Flashdance soundtrack and is still worth $400 million.
Good night Nutella... I will see you in the morning.... :-)
Make an appointment today. We soon will be accepting insurance, right now we only accept cash patients (cash, money order, debit/credit).
oh...I'm seeing 3 rockets at Wallops....AWESOME!!!
Come on Idaho Senate! I can't WAIT to spend that whole $71 in tax relief I'm gonna get! </sarcasm>
#Barrack said that if he had a son he would look like Treyvon.
Omg....not sure, but that sounds awful :(
I will chat with from National Football Post in regard to free agent rookies at 230pm
Why do girls get so jealous of each other & possesive then push ppl away
Alaska's killing me. Someone, take me away
Love this new Frankie Rose track! Slumberland rules so does Memphis Industries!
Celts in 7. Although I think the young Sixers use this as a learning experience for next year.
Mama has arrived early Hyde Park. Come and get it on 57th & Ellis in front of The Reg
Not one roundtable I've attended at #mla12 has involved a round table.
we'll still be open w/ some brunch offerings but simply can't sustain full breakfast menu. So sorry
It worked for me. I hate asking, but did you try turning XBL off and on again? I got booted from Live twice tonight, so.
Anyway, the learning curve was getting step! Lol glad ur on board!
Over the last three days, I've been able to add "merch girl," "clothing sorter" and "flower delivery girl" to my resume
Beautifully put!
ugh I feel like death=(
Just another reason to cherish your mother while she's still here.
too tired for tv. Or too bored. One or the other.
Rent night
Just got a box of goodies from Disney's Aulani Resort in Hawaii with a beautiful picture and macadamia nuts. Awesome!
left hand brewing company. It's a lighter version of an IPA.
I like this whole getting better more energy thing. Hope it lasts!
No app this year, just an awesome mobile version of our website!
too much work... not enough play... I am having to write songs in my head for the next week... sounds pretty cool up there though!
Day 8 on my HCG diet & I've lost 7 pounds at a stand still, Craving chocolate so bad while I sit here & do a few custom orders:)
Come hear Matthew Schruers of the Georgetown Law School speak on Intellectual Property this evening in Car Barn 311!
Seeking experienced Cataloger for immediate long-term opportunity in San Diego, CA! Millenium experience required!
Thank you!!
there is a bat in my cabin...
Today is #BestFriends Day! How well do you know your best friend? Do you know what their favorite flower is? #Surprise him/her with a gift!
I've been here for you since the beginning. Could you please return the favor & follow back?
"It might help if I could act as if I care about my students and whether or not they learn."- Sheldon
I LOVE ur music!!!!I'm listening to #rudeboy right now!!PLEASE notice me!!&my nickname is Rihanna lmao
Some people will never get it!
Awesome! RT : Congrats (and !) for being named among most influential museum tweeters by !!
#SR3 i just activated co-op, on PS3 how do I get my copy of the Saints Row 2?
Heading to clubs tonight in Atlanta
I come home to check on my mother but right now I am always on the road so I can take care of her
have you started booking house shows yet ? i know i saw that someone has one already.
you'll always see me at my best even when I'm at my worst because my attitude is right. I'm positive for making ppl glow :)
The bigger question is what did you use for dipping?
I think I'll start a trend of learning a new word each day - today's word: reticent (adj) - discinclined to speak out; quiet
can you follow me please ?
#brettbielema is a terrible clock manager
Driver crashes into a flower shop after hitting several parked cars and hitting a killing a pedestrian. Police investigating:...
Someone needs to write about ethanol for this blog carnival.
Well your cut the fuck off
I still hate you for this.
He said he's gonna make a CD of beats and sell it for 15.
Tequila makes the Packers loss sting a little less. #JustSayin'
well im glad to here dat n da same... :)
cool comics!
I want to man. When is it this year?
Thanks Natalie.
just read the story lmao bet he won't be runnin' 'round screaming "Rack City Bitch" for awhile!!
Thinkin abt changing 's name to TrillMomma bc she's jammin to right now.
that's just freaking innovative - it shows that I am virtuous and might make oodles of $$$ one day
Shout out to the homie at that . He be killing that Twitter rollcall
Looking forward to it!
An earnest commentary by a channel 11 reporter just reassured me that the Super Bowl proves that good wins over bad. What a relief.
Confident to the point that they dont care what anyone has to say: DMX, 50, Nas, Jay Z, Bun B, Trick, T.I, Too Short, Kanye, Rocko, Dro
Our family just arrived in Macon, Georgia! Big get-together with grandparents, aunts, uncles and cousins for a couple days
That's a true blue friend...
People are more willing than ever to accept innovative solutions. Not fake ones. | Dieter Rams
The weekend's almost done, the moon is low in the sky I feel like going out before the night passes by.... Kuwait Time loool Not U.S.A haha
A caller asks Specter: If GOP convention brokers and he ends up nominee, what would he do? w/o blinking, Specter lays out agenda.
wish today was friday do not feel like going to school tommorrow
I woke up wanting chocolate chip cookies... what the hell is wrong with me?
Thanks for the follow, James! I work in the same building as the What a cool idea...
I would love to see a live concert. Any chance that could happen here in the states?
Some day, I will come visit your new brewcation!
Definitely! Lots of good ones this year too.
50 shades of grey & a bubble bath on this ugly day😍
thank you!.....I think? Lol!
I LOVE the Mango Habanero kale chips. They are amazing! Thanks #blogathonatx for introducing me to them!
you know you're in glendale when...
Good Morning
i know that! but what did i say? im confused!! well i think!
did i miss something..?? where is the Rose Bowl game..??
now ur buddy mr. wickett is on the yuni b bandwagon. give it time then it will be yuni b is horrible lol
Too much racing through my mind and can't sleep
#NowWatching First Sunday SON. Like a BOSS man.
": Give a man a gun and he can rob a bank, give a man a bank and he can rob the world."
Chillin on the jungle gym at my parents alone with a few late night brews and my lyric book. I'm such a night owl.
We're hosting Thanksgiving at our house this year! I guess that makes me head Turkey carver. Traditional and Cajun fried!!
Looks kill and I'm trying to make a killing
oh we are too!!! Delicious!!
Very smooth. It was great brewing with everything we needed close by.
Never stop trying RT : I call it quits.
Ashley Rickards on American Horror Story :)
i need more followers ):
I'm not sure one more backup is really needed in Seattle
tell her not to
messing around with my flip video camcorder, already have videos up! www.icraigery.com
#mix and upon further interneting, that is what they were credited as for the film.
See. You bad-talking my boo. Adam Sandler is awesome with a side of awesome sauce. S'wrong witchu? lol
We seriously have school tomorrow?
it's goanna be awsome though /:
Watching the game doe~ (:
We're cooking up some plans for this fall. Are you WSU LIS alum and would like to share your thoughts and stories from library land? DM us!
need to meet more wwe fans....
And both are the most oddly named politicians since Millard Fillmore.
coulda sworn you were a cubs fan?
I would love to meet u. You are so handsome and talented!
happy birthday i hope you have a good birthday :-)
Ah, the radio selection in Portland is fantastic!
You think? ... RT : Peyton Manning might be replacing Tebow as starting QB for the Broncs.
Selected interior paint colors for new home owners. They are excited about the refreshing change!
Indeed. Just mention me when you've got it um, hashed out.
The Milwaukee Ale House is the home of the "best swing night in town for over 12 years!" Join us at tonight at 8!
right now it is 10:11 am... I'm about to go to six flags lol
man chillen bro. Up randomly at 5 lol. What you up to? The album ready yet?
Sense of humor? That's still a thing? Not if we have anything to do with it.
FYI, Mirror Mirror is delightful, charming, fun, & shockingly good. I know, I wasn't expecting that either.
watching shaq vs JB on youtube again and now I wanna go bowling with !!!!!!!!!!
Thank you !!!
he hands out wth everyone in his grade btw!!!!!
ah spilanthes... love and hate.
hit ya up later to see where you are. I'm on an agenda tonight. That party is good BTW.
I have the same question. The errors are really distracting to me, and it's usually something that's easily fixable. Sad.
saw you're a #redsox fan, follow as well. are looking for more sox writers if interested.
Since winter has been over for awhile now, praying for rain - river level needs to go up!
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Breath Remedy Tongue Brushes and most oral care products.
whats in the kitchen ?
Hmm what can I eat that tastes like a cheeseburger but has as many calories as celery?
same!! Great to meet you too!!“: You're adorable. Very nice to meet you today!”
I done forgot to tell you Goodmornin. GOODMORNING! Exept for you you have a GREATmorning!
ASDFGHJKL rehearsal is killer.
my damn ls
It's hard to pick just one, but if I had to it would be inner child. They are all very good, though.
oh I have many...right now been smoking from a friends line, donrigo
Dinosaurs and lane violations.
Unless your ass is just fantastic, like mine. Then I know what's ahead lol.
If you've signed up for your account at opengrooves.com, we'll be opening it up to beta testers very soon. If not, go sign up!
oh YOU fancy huh?! lol
looks like the #EURUSD is bouncing off the 200 mva and head towards 1.36
Hey! I'm going to be in your area today around noon. Want to grab coffee? I'm around later in the day too.
that's a great song. I love that entire album though.
Oh, hark! Tis a #SaturdayLibrarian like me!
Now im excited for summer(;
i wish
I just finished a 3.06 mi run with a time of 31:57 with Nike+ GPS.
u dont talk to me either STRANGER
ITs true. I work at the airport. Yep
Thank you Sean for all you are and all you do! Right Back Atcha! BIG Hug! Jeris
hey..you guys ok out there with those tornados??
Hey Justin got couch space? Maybe just big sleepover at the Alamo roadhouse?
What are you trying to rob a bank? How much crap do you need to wear on your head? It was like 35 degrees today?!?!
Wells is gone but you probably already know that
It's going to be a great series
What about ordinary guys?
2 large pizzas, with 2 toppings each, for $10, from , yes please!
i guess they could be the same? lol
Care to trade problems?
getting into a good college..am i dreaming?
If you don't follow and , a) you should, and b) see tonight's Twitter convo. All class.
I wonder what my future boyfriend is doing right now ? ._____. Lol .
Come in today for your Biscochito Cupcake!!!! M New Mexico is great :)
For day dressing, ditch your skirts this spring...!
i felt real stupid just staring at the basketball players and sh*t ... by myself !
Get my e-mail?
Friday wave!
Looking forward to working with fellow member !
Summer is approaching fast, what do you during this time to prepare you for the fall school season?
Pinnacle Vodka recipe #1: 8 oz. Sugar Free Red Bull, 1 oz. Whipped Cream Vodka - not bad complement.
Is his mom okay with it? I wonder if she ever thought he should be
1017 Followers-keep 'em coming!!! I think it's the cool new profile pic-courtesy of and
not much longer until and I are reunited
thanks! Good luck to you too! See ya after the madness 😱
Yep, I wrote it with you guys in mind ;)
By not reaching the bigger points, 9th Cir. has given SCOTUS little to go off of.
you jerk face.
Can you forward the citation? I've been working on something about the Yazoo Scandal.
Home with a sick child. Crossing my fingers for something that will not race through the family this time.
I like that part of the Goyte song when he sings like a woman. So basically I like the whole song.
Cleaning my apartment 45min before the maid service gets here. This always reminds me how shameful & dysfunctional of a human I am.
we wish you could be here too!
Is Art Basel pronounced Art BAH-zl or Art Bazzle?
heard the #sfgiants might be interested in the Prince Fielder after all...
So what is the role of educators in cultivating mindfulness? How/when/where does it happen in academe?
sometimes I do Counting Crows. Same thing. 1999-2001, August and everything after. Santiago canyon college.
It's been so long since has UStream! Can't wait!
Edge water beach resort panama city beach fl I am on the way!
right back at ya. :-) Thanks and keep in touch :-)
Yeah a little jealous of everyone that got their #Coachella shit today. Not gonna lie.
I have been raving about sports coverage in Italy but Miss Italia on RAI Uno takes the cake. Bush needs to host this. Miss Calabria is best!
'Where's your bathing suit top?" Christian to Ed
How are there no planners for sale at Barnes and Noble?
Wow. If you are a fan of great music turn on now and watch
oh no no no... I didn't eat solid food for maybe 3 days.
All guys are like "I'm a good guy looking for a good girl" Like no, your really a dick looking to get laid.
And here comes the awkward time when certain dead people get more applause than others.
Math + This Asian = The final is gonna be bitch ;D
#inaghettohouse ramen noodle is always on hand
Working stop by, not a carnivor? Chick pea puree is delicious
Goodnight twitter.!!!
Damn I den left my New York jacket in the hotel!!!! Smh...
next time you're up, we'll get wasted in the city :)
Can't believe the Clippers pulled off that comeback. 20+ points in a fraction of a quarter? WTF
Michael Jackson died What????
thanks 4 being such an inspiration for not only me but 4 others to keep believing, i love you so much!
The Voice!
Nope! Made it out alive! Lol
Wash our mate's feet in a warm bowl of water.
Gladwell puts #CFB into perspective: If you drive (w/o seatbelt) 25 mph into a brick wall 1000x it's the equivalent of a CFB season.
Question: Is it magnetism or gravity that bends or slows light? Does magnetism effect photons?
Nicely written. Totally agree.
I did indeed. Born and raised in Berkeley, but I've lived on the East Coast for the past decade. I miss the redwoods!
Does anyone remember #Reboot??
With my aunt. She got in from Panama.
its just a novel idea
They were making fun of her calling her 'ugly,fat,whore,fat ass' and more.. I couldn't stand it. So I took up for her<3.
Hey Brian, yes - we can do both indoor and outdoor maps in Flock. Send us an email for more details -
very interested!
Reading Pitchfork does not make you a music critic...
Headphones + Drum and Bass + Observing a group of jungalist pigeons
add me on ovoo tunitphonzee everybody
COUGH COUGH ! ASTHMA IS STILL FLARING UP CHEST HURTS MORE BREATHING TREATMENTS...sigh
The truth is, I had alot of good intentions. But I wasted them on people who didnt deserve them.
Yep, it's time for a change. ALL SYSTEMS GO!!!!
Signed into for the first time since 2009. Amazing what you forget over the course of 2 years. Who the fuck were these clients?
I would like to see a track other than Homestead be the final Cup race of the season.
Baseball games with and
the writing is on the wall
15-1 and come out and play this flat...the Giants did not win - the Packers handed the game to them.
The line for pre.employment testing in Lapham hall is amazing! This is the state of the job search.
me neither maybe we can learn from each other how to be good at that
Don't tell me that next they're gonna ride the brooms, Harry Potter-style?!?!
sounds good, looking forward to dive in. Exciting times, good luck to you all!
RT : "GIVE THE DRUMMER SOME" is coming out in 29 days.
soo how did it go buddy ?
Raining on Sunday back at San Diego. What... The. Fudge.
2weeks until the May issue launches! Cant believe its been 2yrs already! Now I just have 2 figure out what 2wear for our party!
bet ha
I've been called the songbird of my generation..
Not Reaally , I Just Know For A Fact Its Not The Best Musicc .
My nose itches.
Check me out asap on YouTube, Facebook, and reverbnation
What has #NATO done for you? Closing Chicago for 5 days. Hookers might get some new clients.
AWESOME! Congrats!!!!
Live every moment, love every day, cause before you know it your precious time slips away. - REO Speedwagon
I heard lol and Thank You; that's where you're going too.
Awesome pic! Thanks for coming by!
Name the weirdest thing you think we could find in a #WarholTC; we've probably found it. #IsThatAHumanBone?
You are super gorgeous,ur def my fave on the show!!
That is SUPER cool!
corollary: and pushes the risk/reward down the ladder
Maine using the model and support from will have a public charter school law next week
I know. I hate scalpers. I hate ticketmaster too!
Me too that be a fun job to name them RT : I love the fun names for nail polishes too.
Agree. Just felt protagonist in MIDDLESEX was stronger and more complex than the ones in TMP.
Omg so happy glee is making a mash up of my 2 fav songs by the best singer Adele "Rumour Has It" and someone like you awesome
": #WaysToGetWomenMad ; throwing a surprise welcome home party when she returns to the kitchen" omg why is this so funny
- nice! How often do players get to draft? I wants to get up in the dribbblez!
I really need to get off, I'm laughing at myself again.. See you tomorrrroww at SCHOOL
We have 2 shows in the works. 3/30 in MKE (bands/venue TBA), 3/31 in Appleton at Maritime Tavern w/ and & more
great article!
Worth a stroll even!!! So many rabbits and eggs...
ITS OFFICIALLY FRIDAY... WHOS BEEN WAITING FOR THIS ALL WEEK??? LOL well tonight you can find me at The Lodge patron bottle give aways.
lol I don't know what they have and I guess just us three. I'm not for sure I can go I have to talk to my mom tonight :/
All immigrants can participate in 2012 elections. Everyone can make a difference through volunteering, voting, & more!
Come on and hang out at Bogie's in Baton Rouge tonight. Doors are at 9!
Watching 1 of the coolest movies ever: you got served
Thanks man for the great interview last night on ESPN Radio. I really appreciate it.
your twitter background is adorable!
i like it too...Praise God
Thanks & have a great weekend!!
Love what you guys did tonight!! Congrats Lorraine!
Mm seems like I have to have a talk with someone tomorrow.
Considering becoming a vegan. I think it would be really great for my desire to feel like I'm better than other people.
As if posting multiple pictures of simba wasn't enough is going to grace twitter with thousands of pictures of her new cat
Idk why people with small cars drive as if they drive a bigger car than they do! Smh move around
Aww, you know you want some fries. : )
You can't burn out his arm in mid may...
yeah, it was a huge thing
oh and I may need Xia's cooking skills for my food photography. That feast looked amazing!
Tryin to live right and pray God takes me through
Mad Men makes everything better.
Actually, he hasn't spent ENOUGH money.
i love you.
Start the New Year right! Add massage therapy to your wellness routine to help boost your immune system.
can the Bills get competitive this year?
We're at the Central forum on LGBTQ Issues! Hosted by 's LGBTQ Commission.
stop dat! He said not to!
never a problem :)
rt if Rice University were a person, I would punch it in the face. I am embarrassed, and I will never support you again.
of course!!!
ya ill dm you
Indeed. “: "To live a life you have never had before, you must become someone you have never been before" -BH
I just want to sing. And cry. And laugh. And fall in love. Not the kind of love I've had..the kind that's real.
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 8
at least have a fill-in sidekick who knows about sports pre 2000.
Maybe my cat will?
"When we lose the right to be different, we lose the right to be free." - Charles Evans Hughes
Was out on the town but fighting the urge to rip off my clothes and dance naked under the moon was too much.
Country music guys: Stop wearing the cowboy hats! You look *riduculous*. Seriously.
where have you been? Does that boy have you chained in a closet or something?
Some @ Occupy Madison site talked of moving to vacant lot on S Park St if evicted today. That lot is fenced, barricaded w no trsps signs
Man, Gary Carter dies of a brain tumor? Still remember him being one of those players I always liked. Need more like him.
Dumb ppl think you can be buy me off by cookies and cakes, really? That was probably poison, I gave it to the other ppl who work there.
Art is an intrinsic part of science. Walker
Don't forget that the 1st 100 ppl 's Education Fiesta tom get FREE shirts & entrance to the home soccer games!
Dude, I've got my best of the best science fiction short stories out and ready to go! Must. Be. Prepared.
free the squares!
If you know you can't be with someone and you care for them,let them go
YOU GOOD MA!!! LOL
This is definitely not Miller Time tonight. Shaky
everything!!! rappers, singers, producers....
A big thank you to Sen.Steans from GROW47 and the 47th ward for allocating $200k in state capital towards McPherson Elementary!
absolutely very glad to share. has a fantastic business blog! A must read IMHO.
administration into the bloodstream
thanks brotha! =D wish u guys could join me!
1 game does not make a series, but this show the PENS have a pulse.
The handles Open Meeting Law. Try their Public Inquiry & Assistance Center (PIAC) at 617-727-8400
hahahah are you talking about Paige dyer? The young one? Cuz I'm talking about the older dyer. Right next to her class
: We're happy to spread the word about the good things other #MKE non profits are doing for our community!
If the Chargers win, we get the Village Voice/NYT and the SD Reader (and its staff) and the UT get sent to NYC.
What is even more strange about birds in arena...is that I just had follow me on Twitter!
I dislike trying to find new places alone without a car. And the bus... Is empty.
It is sad, I know, but it is the convenient truth
My mom calls older women that try to talk to me some grandma's. Lol
i'm SEXY and i know it *AW*
2 Billion for the #Dodgers AND Mccourt keeps the parking lots? Not too shabby.
If they make it that far! “: cool #OKC can rest up players for that #lakers series.”
you're a beautiful and important person.
That shower has me really about to K.O forreal
Researching donation behavior on my Saturday night. And finding next to nothing. Why do people give money, to which charities and why those?
Dunno, but it's really good. Fast Five is a good Guy movie, or how about The French Connection (1 AND 2) as an oldie?
I wish it were that. This seems more a case of an emotionally unstable person sighing loudly instead of swearing loudly
that sucks
I'm fine, Roberta, thanks! We are past the blossoming stage of Spring here. Wish it would stay around longer. How are you?
haha i just need a vacation in the sun
Interior designers seem to have the most ridiculous Starbucks orders by profession. Someone should do a chart.
Dear Coors Light, we get that your beer is cold. This is not special to your beer. Other beers can be colder, potentially frozen.
#WhenAustin got his ears pierced. <3 RT if you love his earrings. :)
Thank you for sharing my webinar today. Always enjoy , coming from VC world it makes me smile.
Thanks, Thibaut! That means a lot.
Helped out an old lady in the laundry mat by buy the socks she sells hopefully there good ones and not itchy
it wasn't below market when he signed it. He needs to understand that he's not getting $24mm/year when Brady/Manning get $20
Some of those earpieces are so hard to see that it looks like the people are walking down the street talking to themselves
Girls say I'm to nice
new thoughts for signs needed due to Torres' disgusting actions tonight!
This TelePrompter reading is TERRIBLE! Charles Barkley is killing me! SNL
I love Off to go browse for a bit, I need an affordable floor length white dress!
": That awkward moment when a sentance doesn't end the way you think it testicles."
heh. Im going tomorrow so we'll see how that goes.
Chestnut Tree on begins it's new Thursday nights/Friday Mornings from 2-5AM this week. Expect some interesting changes :D
I have to keep the car running when there's a fantastic #greenday oldie playing. Yes, I'm jamming in the parking lot outside my apt.
I just met Travis Barker. Tightness.
Going to appear like a luddite but how do I receive / send faxes by email?
The pressure in my head is steady creepin up
Congrats!! You won an I-pod touch!!!
pitches "Memorialization" pitches "Moving The Needle: How do we create critical mass?"
burnt chip R hagahahahahah
It has been an up and down day in sports... Im still praying for Seau soul... No hitter was great to see
And ever since from my honey i've been twice the lady
#youaretooloudif you wake up your next door neighbor from yelling at your TV about crappy refs
Here we come, its time for
"she needed to get her freak on."
Thank you so much!
You can rely on the old man's money. (2x)
ill show u some more but not as cool
Whenever we are awarded a new project, the entire office breaks out in Azonto Dance.
bummer! Yeah I managed to snag 3days. Man this year is going to be insane!
thx! my hse is 2 far from line, yet your website + all your peeps (called several times to verify) say my addy is go 4 service.
Some athletes use Viagra as a performance-enhancing drug
The best way to get someone to do something is to be subtle about it. Nobody likes being told what to do
Tonight, Gods presence was here in the house. ! Can't wait to receive more from on Sunday! I cried out to God tonight! (:
i know, it is dragging!!
The Bolshoi Ballet is performing #SwanLake at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion. I'm sure it will be a stunning show.
Haha seeing drama online is funny. If I were you I would stop hiding behind the screen and say "COME AT ME BRO!"
"collecting and preserving the Internet" -- this is the one I came for. Internet librarians FTW.
the fllor is covered w/ fuzz. the remnants of some wild #mascotmaking - a horse & a Kangaroo.
Love the new website design - and easy to navigate! Well done Steven.
Seguindo de volta :D
Small circle = less problems...Big circle = bunch of bullshit.
Just finished Book 2 of the Sookie Stackhouse Novels! Now on to #ClubDead by #CharlaineHarris,
Busy day, lot of things to do before & come in for a crazy weekend.
Cube's is going to get crazy tonight!!!
Just got tickets to WWE Monday Night Raw in OKC. Oct.10th 10/8c USA
groundlings tonight can't freakin wait!!
Love me two times.
"Everybody wanna be famous, don't nobody wanna put the work in."
V. true! MT : I wish innovation gurus stopped sweet talking us about accepting failure as part of process--never accepted.
I want to know how long is in town and whether I need to bust it to Seattle tomorrow.
Have you seen today's Your Turn? could air your comments on First at 4!
Loving new Dr. Dog, Air, Mark Lanegan, Bebe, Sharon Von Etten- Great week for new music releases
thanks, I did body pump or something instead. It was with weights. I feel awesome now :) I love the !
Vegas? In JUNE!! xo
sucks. Fumbles will do it. Nice run in Chell. Love that game. U play in the FIFA at all?
Baby who you tryna fool?
Thank you for all the hard work!
Spent the afternoon dumping my perfectly-good collection of sweater vests.
he looks good as ever. just gotta hope its not a chronic thing
can you please ping me offline, I have a question
But I can't find her....
The art of twittering is 2 put as much meaning 2 160 characters as possible<--not EZ to do-not doing makes it a broadcast medium
Need a Larry The Quaker mascot!?
Love when my clients are happy! Engagement Brunch was a hit!!!!
follow me please follow me please
A lot of people don't deserve the kindness they receive
Why do hospitals refer to even calling it the Emergency Room... It is a room all right not social? You will be after the EMERGENCY. 5+ hours
lol This is true haha yeah I can't wait though for this week to be over finals really suck lol I hatte studying
well bye to both of yall
Stat of the Night: 26 points off turnovers for Houston. OKC has 15.
Be my friend. Hold me. Wrap me. Unfold me.
re: I know some items on The Commons had some rather narrative comments, but nothing official or lengthy
WNS Wins the Prestigious Golden Peacock Global Award for Corporate Social Responsibility 2012
Watching on talk about Facebook acquiring Instagram. He doesn't think FB will change it.
Whatever, it is what it is.
we've got a great set lined up for including some of the favorites
Pretty PLEASE FOLLOW Me @ perdyprincess21 . Whenever yu get a chance wld b AWESoME!!!
It is kind of unfortunate...but who can't love Carrie Bradshaw?
Taking joy in living is a woman's best cosmetic
"Me and niggas ya type never exchange numbers, wanna conversate, and steal game from us..."
My guitar string just broke, Outta the blue. I wasnt even touching the guitar is what Im sayin.
I swear Glenn Beck is Jiminy Glick. Even the name 'Glick' is a portmanteau of his name. You've fooled us all Martin Short!
Looks good! Thanks for the support good brother! 06!
I just couldn't wait any longer.
If your hair is combed right, and your pants are tight, it's gonna be alright.
We're hosting an showcase so unofficial it's in ny. Also it isn't real. Very exclusive.
ghetto ass black girl at rallys. Almost asked if she wanted me to take her job for her.
Definitely deserves a break, though he said he'll still be overseeing NBAC.
yep I would lol
This Is What I'm Listening To At This Exact Moment..
Wish I could do it all over..
Speaker Fabiola started GFront, a girls empowerment association that trains in computers and civic engagement in Cameroon
saw a child holding a sign saying GOD hates dead soldiers, well we hate your ignorant parents that need to go play in traffic
That's right, RICKshaw!
these are the losers who are showing the entire planet just how f---ing pathetic America and her people really are.....
#gomavs I was about to jokingly ask if u were in Portland tonight. Then I thought for a second and decided u may reaalh be there?
I sent you an email! Respond at your earliest convenience. God Bless.
having fun baking pumpkin chocolate chip cookies w/the family & the house smells yummy!
": : Liked i won back to back weeks when i was a fish in season 1. Only one win since.. booze aint it
RT : RT : Lebron looked like he was filming a Life Alert commercial.
U been sayin u wanted to do a photo shoot 4 the longest. lol
Friday at Fujiyama... You gotta get here!
Macaroni and cheese.
no i woke up at like 6 30
No *:L* faces allowed. Save your emoticons for the app process. Right now is all about possibilities. *Wise Buddha Face*
& are stealing the show at the #comedyawards good to see the girls taking the guys for once.
if you had your choice with team would you wanna play for?
That's how you feel ?!
Finally stopped raining long enough 2 do a bit of gardening“: Mostly Cloudy ☁ 63.0ºF Humidity: 47 - Wind: West 16.1 MPH”
Knock! Knock! Who's there? Ice cream soda! Ice cream soda who? ICE CREAM SODA PEOPLE CAN HEAR ME...
Pretty jealous of everyone at #SOURCEBoston today. Lots of great #infosec tidbits coming out via Twitter. Thank goodness for hashtags! :)
thanks for the follow!
I'm intrigued, tell me more about The Voice That Makes My Day series.
do you like the sweet smell of an old persons clothing?
Stay tuned for new mixtapes 1st quarter of 2012 from and
it's both. You and Russ do the same shit and I would do, and I miss that.
#Text CHAMPS2 to 90210 for nationwide high school #athletes #marketing & #placement services information. #Mobile #media rocks!
I refer to GPS being used by law enforcement for the purpose of public safety.
I want to say no, but we will find out later today during Art & Anarchy
Those that say you can't take it with you never saw a car packed for a vacation trip. ~Author Unknown
Still waiting for the Stimulus Package. Where oh where could it be....
Pizza and a soda with Lisa Giglio at gibbys pub
Julie's working on it. But it's going slower than we would have liked!
Fantastic Speakers/networking at GI Film Boot Camp. A must attend event. Canadian Embassy is excellent venue/host.
Dude, the A/C feels great in here...
thanks! congrats on getting your city to the top of the list. I love Montreal and can't wait to see the Livehoods map!
Hey bud! Long time, no see. Unfortunately a friend jumped on the ticket immediately. How's life?
grr u told me to text u asap and i did now u r not texting me back!!
I am sure Johnny g would have done better. Don't look now but thru 23 games Getz may be royals best hitter.
guess what is telling awkward stories about your favorite fireworks bartender to his parents.
Yep, 10 levels of strength on spiked dong of doom. And The Red Dragon. Like a rabbit, but a dragon.
well last night you wanted someone to talk to....
10 minutes to weezer. Thank god for pro equipment. This rain is a bitch
I probably already told you this, but the doctors thought I had Downs Syndrome for the first 2 days of my life,
Chewing like a pig << 🐖
maybe can help :)
88 yesterday, 55 today - Autumn in Washington
Does Willie Mitchell always have that shit eating grin, or is it just me?
whoever is messing with SonyP's time will answer to the business gods
“: I'd like introduce you to - she is 's gf & NY connections" Happy 2 help! Send me an email
i don't want to sound annoying but is their any way u could follow me?
“: I hate waiting for replies. Wahhhhh.”
lol, that's a savvy move, I like your style.
Then Maybe We Should See Whats up with everybody and Do Something This Week Or Weekend?
Check in between 8pm and 4am on #foursquare to unlock #nye badge ( via ) cc:
your such a pussy
Extremely disappointed to learn that Indians pitcher Fausto Carmona is actually named "Roberto Hernandez."
I've watched the first 2 seasons of #MadMen in ten days. I think I have a problem.
stop by our patio for some great food and fresh drink while you're in town!
eating indian vadei at almost midnight.. jeez. i wonder why im getting fatter everyday. Singapore just has too much good food.
You can call me Freaky Deaky.Let's Go My People.........
That was probably pretty accurate in 2004 when Kerry said it. GWB 05-09 was a cosmic disaster.
Keep on dreaming even if it breaks your heart.
loved your set tonight!!! Love that you guys are local. Good times! :)
Check out for news updates!
Sheep? Methinks thou art projecting.
It's a bust: RT : WOW... New NAM Model gives NO SNOW TO DC Sunday, joining the EURO MODEL
We had a blast. I did new songs and my label mates blew it out of the water. We had a happy crowd.
Well today I I asked my friend to tell this other kid I really like him and I know him so yeah and I just texted her wat did he say ????
Girls night out!!!
I'm slowly coming to the realization that I'm horrible with money and I'm going to need to start over how I approach it.
we barely made up dance moves haha
I probably shouldn't have left track today ..
Will you have Meet and Greets during #TheBTWBall in the U.S?
More corruption. RT : McGraw is now running taxpayer funded radio ads, pretty convenient since its campaign season.
I'm blue if I was green I would die if I was green, I would die
RT : Wake the fuck up & play your damn game, & Bynum!
Thanks for helping spread the news about #ChildrensDay tomorrow!
I'll be there! RT : The #HungerGames opens in theaters tonight! Get the inside scoop on the film with our exclusive cast...
Thanks for the RT, Ellis
Thanks! Happy to be here at !
I'm a Louisville fan.
The awkward moment when you have a Facebook friend request from your parents and they ask why you haven t accepted them yet.
I'm still taking the Lakers...
Working up some artist confessionals for our favorite ppl at +VP
Does anyone know any Farmers or Allstate agents in the Denver metro area? Any insurance reps out there??
Hopefully I do well in the dodgeball tournament especially after the incident last time😁
And apparently it's "bras off" for the ladies. Usually within 15 minutes of getting home.
the corresponding TP song, that is ("only you"), not Eddie's impersonation, although 'comedian' is fierce. Gunny goo-hoo!
1D means ONE DIRECTION
I have no idea. I still think the lettuce was poisoned.
YOUR NIGHT HAS BEEN PLANNED. SEE YOU AT 9:30 IN iO WEST'S DEL CLOSE THEATER.
a Saturday night spent in the house -_____- <<<<<
Y E S. #dislikebutton indeed.
I'm addicted to Whuuuuueat Thins BBQ flavor!
": hey what's going on?? oh & I want to see Nia tomorrow- we'll be home
how about you just buy an ac? lol
i love looking on forever 21 they have so many cute shirts!
Yep! I don't why I couldn't at first. Just kept trying! :)
I LOVE the taste of water!!! So refreshing!!! :)
They say I'm Confrontational!!! Ya Think!!!
Screwed up my phone, so I had to make a new twitter...
Glad to connect - thanks for your kind wishes thanks for following. Congrats on the paperback release.
Driscoll describing origins of "education data warehouse," one of two programs later supplied by Cognos.
What's poppin ?
Sun is up, 2 hrs from Austin and I just woke up with on Pandora.
I fell asleep pretty much the minute I got home, BUT such a wonderful time ...
you guys r going too? I can teach u what we learned :)
welcome home john
#WhyILoveMuseums there's something to interest everyone
Are you ready for January 29th? Tickets on sale soon.
Hollie finally SANG a Whitney song- you go girl! #idol Goodnight! See you at 4:30am!
I see you!
Between you two and , the kids of Newark are in for some major treats (to read and eat)!
twelth? Also, will I ever see you again, my long lost jordan?
9 hr car ride with my mom & grandparents
thanks. Btw, dig the new design, look of the CMS - only took a few minutes to reprogram muscle memory.
Nice when you can run to VF Outlet at lunch and get a great deal and eat stuff. Handy stuff on The Corridor.
If you're doing your best, you won't have any time to worry about failure. ~ H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
Ouch. today is a day of revenge.
I like Ed Hardy snap backs though.
Has anyone taken the AIRS Certified Social Sourcing Recruiter course? Search Lab2010? I am investigating CSSR and CIR certification and A…
dang! We had a track meet. Next time!
8 more workouts...
#PacerNation there we go..
Above you can see a neuromuscular junction
Dear beer gods, thank you. xo ashley
So school exams were suppost to be all week I got it all done today and got most of it right after missing to yrs of school. Yes!!!!!
Multi cod tomorrow! ;D
YAY YOU GOT A TWITTER!!!!
RT : If your looking for a blessing, go bless somebody!! That blessing you were looking for will find you!!
Short week means we're a day closer to First Friday. Check out "The Couch Show."
aw i guess im tweakin lolol
... without punishment, doesn't mean the behavior isn't worthy of punishment in both.
lol what's up?
My recommendations are all Korean dramas, anime and Diane Lane movies. Well played, you know me too well.
did u put an eightyville sticker at the mc d's on kirkwood? Lol.
A3: I tend to comment on blogs daily - not a quota or plan, just comment as I read.
susie!! follow me girl
The feeling of success is always sweeter than the thought of thinking of if you would have done something to be successful! Leggo
Four Free of charge Sources For Tiny Organization Marketing Report by Brian May One particular of the most challenging eleme
The greatest compliment any ever gave me. "U inspire me 2 do more w my life"... I'm startin 2 get that more often☺
Yeah. I love your name I have never heard that name.
honestly just when him and Ben perform together at the church, it was so genuine and a beautiful moment! Love the
Thank you for following us. We have developed a computerless, digital textbook and wonder if we should collaborate.
haha we'll be all like "OMG AUSTIN IS COMING TO CANADA AH HOLD ON LET ME GET SOME TISSUE BOXES" haha (;
's Sr. Director says it's not trade OR aid. They go hand in hand.
Oh, how I wish that were me!
Oh joyous snowy morning, thank you for reminding me I live in Minnesota.
Last one "he's an angry elf"
Pathetic girls
Beyond #Hunger conference in Philadelphia May 2-4, 2012. 1st on in Philly. 100 attendees have direct experience in hunger &
Im sleepy af right now but i just refuse to go to bed
that is a great message
Lightning talks are blowing up! Ignite with my classmates tonite, LTs for Molly Raphael's visit on Thurs, sustainability theme on 4/10.
Thanks to my Waka Flocka reference, I'm now being followed by rappers "Chicago Santana" and "Money Pistol" #nervouswhitechild repping big D
I will not vote for some asshole with two Twitter accounts.
I don't have that data, but anecdotally I'd imagine Seattle numbers are likely lower. Again, just guessing though.
I hate waiting up for people. Especially when my head hurts. ><
The ice cream man is going down my street .
Kasra & André Seirafi: I realize #MW2012 ended without my making it to the booth. If you're still in town Sun. AM, let me know.
business administration.
well played. :)
Rain! Yay! Forgot what it sounded like. It's beautiful.
Fun... & having #studyhall at - anyone else in #MKTG118 heading to tonight? Referral bonus?
:-) RT : not leaving my pickle behind
She said call her back but I dont know her house num...sm-h Guess I gotta learn that by heart now
a federal court in NoCal experimenting with cameras in the courtroom. SoCal? ".. have decided not to pursue it" Irma Gonzalez,
Happy February
YAY! Be sure to get me the scoop afterwards. I know you will be terrific :D
I Don't Fucks w. Mindless Behavior . Their Music Is SO Dumb .
Specyphi would like to thank. Everyone who came out last night WoW packed house and Team BSG. Specyphi what you believe
Why is it that all the Presidents&Canidates that stand for equality get dis-credited,or assinated?,what is a real American?
Great weekend #NYTtravelshow! Thanks to all. Now let's get out & promote more #bicycle #tours!
I'll make it if at all I can!
“: I love the smell of hardware stores. If you don't, your missing out." My brother is too funny!
my all time favorite Chuckie is on right now! Seed Of Chucky!
Hey bro, I'm there on June 1st. I'm tryin 2 set-up a lil introduction listenin party in the "Real World Suite" at The Palms.
I thought EXACTLY the same thing earlier today. RT " The new Toyota Prius commercial is creepy. And not in a good way."
10:00 news story: what you need to know about buying Llamas from the side of the road. I love New Mexico.
When my eyes are closed I see from who u truly r, which is OOOGLY!
RT": There's a reason why people like you and I find each other. Regardless of what it is, I feel it's no accident.”
RT Dunning: #LTNY - inability to forecast WED, FEB 1, 2012 spend = fallacy.
Ok 16 hours of this is enough. Finally leaving work. I need a beer!
Someone should talk to me this car ride is boring :c
should look at his metions (;
lol I hear ya! I need one of those nifty bathroom re-dos
come to the library with and
Hope is hearing the melody of the future. Faith is to dance to it.
Andrew Borowiec and Chad States have submitted their industry images
I find it really weird that all this week everytime I lay down for bed I feel sick.
What an exciting weekend, then offshore job for Exxon Monday.
I believe that you basically "are who you are" by the time your 15. That story says a lot to me.
The littlest things in life can make a huge impact. So TRY not to do anything you will regret in the future. Its your life, dont waste it<3
Talking about your Annie Leibowitz photo in contemporary art class Love it! Inspired a huge discussion!
The Hannah Dasher fragrance of the day..."Exxon Mobil" spewed gasoline all OVER myself at the pump this morning.
RT : yes it was good to see ya! I was carb loading too... You know, for all the marathon cheering.//lol :)
World&#39;s fastest toilet on wheels
Goodbye winter... Hello spring!
he'd make a hot chick though for sure
Nine mile rd exit to mechanicsville exit........ 30mins....64 w ain't the way to go
GO TO THE WASHINGTONS AND DROP YOUR BENJAMINS
Up early taking Brianna to Sunday church a school!⛪
John P. Kee " Standing in the need of Pray"
If you haven't any charity in your heart, you have the worst kind of heart trouble. ~Bob Hope
Another full day of HTML/CSS/jQuery wrangling. Time to celebrate
What we was talking bout lol RT : about?
hey! Imma blonde
In the hood of his daddys car we pass around the old guitar and mamas wondering where we are its just me and my baby ' (:
they keep feeding us this crap just like the Fenway Bricks and coffee table book.
I'm tired people saying "oh, you make a good Husband/Boyfriend" I can't even get a girl to show how good I be as either one.
I heard the show. Really enjoyed it... funny & on point !!
Water doesn't splash in a vacuum
I also have a Sam Cooke station on Pandora if that makes it any better...
Chrysler plant in Ontario suspended due to supplier strike, Globe and Mail says
Correction: Kathleen Falk is the acting Dane County exec, not Dane County exec.
So much of what trad publishing is supposed have an advantage in--editing, promo, etc-- I never saw. You?
i have a twitter feed up on my local site so i can see it update real time as i work on it >:)
I'm in Canada right now... but will be discussing when I get back to class on Wednesday.
Nearly ready for school. Autobots, ROLL OUT! xD
I know bro..8 years/$160 mil is insane..
omg i love this fandom :-)
Checking out Microsoft's Vine.
There's a friggin spider outside my house and I know for a fact it will sneak in!!! Eep!
36- i love your username and icon :] also zara is a really cool name, love it!! ♥
Should have slapped her lol
No matter how much you lie, the truth will always reveal itself..
Rally rally! RT : Time for rally caps, #sfgiants fans
haha nice try but no...it fits in ur purse
Time to celebrate all Naples has to offer - The News-Press
Voter Registration Drive today at Hostos Community College today from noon to 5pm in C-391.
After a long day of watching Rainer Werner Fassbinder films, I've come to the obvious conclusion that he is an extremely German director. :)
That's not to say that if I follow you I'm not envious of your career. Good chance I am!
Windows 7 installed on my laptop at work, reinforces my frustration for windows, #microsoftfail,
I can't guess your drawing, as great as it is :( clue please??
Found my dad in the 1940 SF census. His fam's Castro 3 bedroom is valued at $4750, & my grandma made $1600/year as a telephone operator.
Finished doing some exercise now heading to take a nice shower feeling clean is a wonderful thing.
Happy Black Friday, everyone. Who else has to work today?
Big time playing by & for the TERPS! Please freaking beat UNC!
Kid with cell phone in Africa has more access to information than the President in the US 15 years ago.
Fucking called it too... It's the City for you.
i know. poor family
have a great show Adam! wish I coulda snagged some tickets
i just watched the finale. i cant even breathe. claire and eli are back omgomgomg. THAT SHOULD BE ME, just saying.
Idea: Public officials making over a $1 million should take a voluntary pay cut. What do you think? Call in now: 317-736-0950
In Cincy getting it in right now with the seafood at JT's!!!!
thanks you are too (:
It's 12:30 and i'm too hungover to get out of bed but too hungover to fall back asleep. this is the worst
Battle: Los Angeles. Skip it.
Raising my glass cause I am wrong in all the right ways....
RT : I'm gonna have beer when I'm six, and you can't stop me. -o
it's always raining in my heart.
did the Rangers just beat the Devils?
My heart goes out to each family who lost a loved one in this mining tragedy, my hopes & prayers r w the 4 missing miners & their families.
Allman Pancakes Band
A year ago I had a back injury and followed a good nutrition program to help speed up my recovery
follow back
Great idea!
Everyone get ready! Within the next 2weeks I'll be with bustin out those NEW tracks! Let's go
Michigan pays for students to take the test too. High school is to Industrial Era- college is to globalization/technology
Daily exercise opening and closing the candy drawer in mr. Smarts room oh luc
I say tuna. But I do say catfish.
i need 20 more followers plz
Is it worth to prestige?
when ya gonna make a new standup??
wanna get the prom tickets today?
After years of terrible un-funny, I'm finally rooting for SNL to be cancelled. This Kel Barkley impression is turrible. Just turrible.
It's been gorgeous for this whole week, and I've only sat outside once with This sucks.
If my only choices are go big or go home, I'm going home.
Project & 2 Papers: DONE … One more paper to go.
It's a toss-up bt Bernadette & The Middlesteins!
Robin, you're seriously so talented.
Yes, once again, #TeamFred is here to save the day.
It's funny how certain things: cars, songs,smells take me back. Even if it was bad then, the memories make me smile now.
Keep a healthy youthful skin by always applying spf 30 and up even if its cloudy or raining! Sun equals wrinkles and dark spots!
Look out, and stepping up in the twitter world
YaY cant wait, today i am going to see celion dion at ceasers palace!! hopefully i will get to meet her
Wow, what an ending. Congrats to Kimball, 4A State Champs.
If your album wants to pretend it's all weird and shit, a lack of syncopation is a legit criticism.
thanks brother plenty more comin keep an eye out
I'm not much for dancing, but for you I did<3
it's a serious question!
I luv Maca's drummer, he has his own fan club. #
aww damn... That's all bad bro
less do ettt
I am already a friend of China Anne McClain! Give another chance
cool beans !
Moving forward with or without
Soft shell crab tonight #MelvinUdall would be ecstatic!
My pupils are dilated. What a bizarre feeling. I honestly can't tell if I am typing correctly because I can't see.
Thank you and back at you (smile)
thanks for the follow! I'm a big fan, and still watch #TheWire reruns! Congrats on your recent success & collabo w/!
love those guys, can't wait!
Sometimes stupidity can really bite you in the ass
Did oyu know that Thomas J. Martin patented a fire extinguisher in 1872? If you have any Black History Month facts mention us!
Looking for someone for #wedding hair/makeup,Suggestions?
What fun!! Enjoy my dear.
either that or sitting in that armchair
Nicely done Jason Hammel...
Passion tea lemonade at Starbucks is pretty good!
I used to like Shelley until she started tattle tail on everyone and being a big narc.
Kinda excited for finals, just so I don't have to carry a backpack.
Brent mind be all in the gutter lol #Nasty .
The server at Raisins in is from my hometown! Small world.
Come on giants win this so we can kill the pats
Loved the hunger games!.....just like everyone else who didn't read the book.
Happy Mother's Day to all the Rockin' Mammas out there! I hope you get spoiled rotten. We'd be lost without you!! X
bus 13 driver, thanks for not stopping for me when a crackhead driver blocked your path at the stop. I'm sure you heard me yell.
Wow, these Latina's have got worship down. Can't understand the words but can feel the love.
#Betatesting Star Wars: Knights of the old Republic
Thx. Keep it BOB (Black Owned Business)
GOTTA GO WATCH MY CUZO LEAVE FOR PROM TODAY.
I was also missing Ted.
Who doesn't? ": I heart Hannah Storm.”
LOL! And we saw how that helped his career
if you bypass your own router and run the speed test again, do you get better speed?
Teaching an Inclusive Business Model class at UW's Foster School of Business, and remembering just how alien the concept is for many......
a model of holiday flexibility
then another one was hair loss and he said ' well i don't have a lot of hair on my head but i have a bunch in my jeans' EWW GROSS.
Aw, you were kidding? A-duh. Great song though.
What do you think about the President's shift on the birth control policy?
if you tweeted me back, it would make my day! i love your show!(:
the majority of the afternoon trying to make a music dvd almost as frustrating as trying to learn computer coding to fix my website lol
Elementary backstroke is the key...:)
sounds great! I'm grabbing some Ska Modus as well. Need those hops!
Tell me about it. Imagine how us oldies feel.
I won't be able to see your blog tv for 2 weeks because I'm going on a trip .. Its really depressing :(
are there any better alternatives for the online thing?
my laptop hates me. it better decide to turn on and work before friday because my paper is saved on there!
RT : Students: nFusion is looking for smart, digitally-savvy creative interns for the summer. Wanna make something cool? DM me.
Mexicans would not approve of a Chilean lunch.
most def! Good to see you too!
REMEMBER: Headache puppy does not approve the repettive refreshing
oh my gosh, this is why I love you :') <3
You think well, of him. RT : Hereafter, when I think of gangrenous rot, I'll always think of Steve Doocy.
Something in that simple song just gets right to my core.
Oh what a Sunday!
well s'okay if you're not okay with it.
How was your Monday?
and what's that favor!?
The voice of Luigi in Pixar’s Cars is lending his voice to vote YES for #OneVoice #OneUnion!! Thanks
Babysittin my cousins! :D
Car sales at Ford Motor Company were up 8 percent; Focus was the biggest seller with sales up 78 percent during this period.
Brian Earl Spilner. Sounds like a cop name. Are you a cop?
Share a smile today;-)
Coffee and beef jerky
Already using scroogle, now to disenGooge step by step and see how far I get. Now about that droid, hrm..
then why do you still insist on tweeting about it then....
Crap day being turned around by listening to the Dateable play Jazz on public radio. *le sigh*
did I say I would never join Twitter or something??
Massive St. Pattie's Show....Saturday...Waiting Room....ALL AGES!...$3 Green Beer.. Lets drink Omaha.
we chillin this week? Wednesday I'm free
Literally exhausted from entering in 28 pages of a manual order with another 28 to go tomorrow. So this is what cube life does to me :(
it's seriously the worst.
WHEEK WHEEK! RT : We are officially starting the 1st annual #BlogPawty!!! *dances around in a circle*
how is it u want men to acknowledge u...not in a derogatory manner--yet you're wearing a glorified glam diaper...underwear?
NINE! NINE! TWO THOUSAND AND NINE! I am going to bed.
Hope had a good day in SA, y'all come back now, ya hear!...seriously hope someday you visit Austin & LET ME KNOW. haha
Both finals done. Final papers done. College done. Now that wasn't so hard.
Veronica just found, then stole, my Chilly Willy stuffed animal.
It's almost Halloween :-) EXCITING
Expand your sense of possibility.
Gone too soon, but never forgotten.
Occupy does not support any particular political party. Instead this movement has focused on the things that bring people together
Great tribute and “: RIP MCA..."
picking up my favorite pup in the world!!!! Mr. Wilson from getting his hair cut. :)
also... 4/4 is my birthday, an announcement would be a superb bday present.
It's quite effective.
dang mad respect for #daughters nas! but is it aite if some of us are still on STILLmatic? haha!
You think you're smart? Your friends r smart? Get your best peeps and join us Wednesday night for the battle of brains. 8pm, Geek Pub Quiz
I know you wanna follow me. ;) x10
and I love you, Tiffany.
Lol. Going to WC just seems like something you would do...
glad you liked and are looking forward to the others. I'm excited to know a Ukelele player. :)
are you still on the bus ?
via - Real-Life Stranger On A Train Less Interesting Than Hitchcock Version
please can we do that share recipe thing?
If u follow us make sure to follow the person who unified us :) She's a lover of and she's
Taking and to SNL this weekend. Thanks to boys for hooking us up!
If & 's Internet Title match gets put on the pre-show, you can bet I'll be yellin #areyouseriousbro ?!?!
Gym time, time to work hard
need to step up our game people get more votes recruit people, make more emails, use cell house car phones just vote your little hearts out!
That's right! I couldn't remember - There were recent grads who took the trip too :) It was a pretty cool event
Yes that would!
What's your favorite hidden gem in Lincoln Park?
Launching New Redline Large Format Semi-Automatic Die Cutters in USA, via partnership with DiecutUk.
Watching the news is so depressing. SO I turned on some cartoons :)) much better
Just followed FUTURE UNITED STATES CHAMP! and also current INTERNET CHAMP! woo woo woo you know it! Bro!
#FF my favorite die-hard Lakers fans !!!
It really is.
is there a way to swipe between conversations in the mail app? Having to go back to the inbox after each email is a deal breaker.
...she's better looking than EA too...
It's lunch time! What's on your plate?
I <3 my new boss. Seriously, he's great so far. And working for a CTO is very VERY cool - I'm learning tons! And yes, I know I'm a dork. :P
You remember when Elisha Cuthbert was hot? Yeah. Me too.
We've got some FREE tickets to "Our Latin Thing and N'Klabe" concert this Fri - msg us if u want them. 1st come 1st served
Autocorrect just tried to change my "hashtag" to "hashish". Be careful, folks.
I think you should do a duet with
if love is meant to be there's nothing you can do to stop it.
Dry shampoo seems all the rage right now. Skipping the suds now & then can help save your color. Have you tried dry shampoo? Whaddya think?
"Part of me was afraid of what I'd find and what I'd do once I got there. I knew the risks, or imagined I knew."
Thanks for the shout out. We appreciate it!
And season one, episode one up next!
Seriously? Working late at our office and can't find a single beer in any of the fridges and the keg is empty.
hate omegle. hate life. hate everything. except Austin, he's the only thing keeping me going just now.
God sent me an angel from the heavens above<3 #ILoveYou!!!!
thanks for the mention, still trying to get my Twitter legs under me. Appreciate the support.
I just might do the same u might b on 2 somethin
yes exactly!!!
When you are courting a nice girl an hour seems like a second
this is very educational how rag gossip newspapers get their information and ruin people lives,
yeah bruva. check the news.
are you talking about that Zohan piece of garbage?
I Said I Was Sorry ..
RT : Sic Saturdays @ 240 E Pittsburgh. It's party time fun craziness. Extra bass weekly. Guest Dj Kosmo tonite no cover
Increase Profits Selling Jewelry at Craft Shows With Gift Boxes Selling handmade jewelry at craft shows can be more profitable with the u
#3WordsForYou I Miss You
My co-worker at my new job asked me if I voted today in the Wisconsin GOP primary. I politely said no and laughed uproariously inside!
And the LORD God said, Behold, the man is become as one of us, to know good and evil:
Truthful words are not beautiful; beautiful words are not truthful. Good words are not persuasive; persuasive words are not good. - Lao Tzu
RT : Most Zipcars will fit your bicycle with the rear seats folded down.
I'm back in Des Moines. I traveled 12 hours yesterday. It was a long day. Had a fabulous time at the beach house!
haha ok black de...I mean Evan;) ;p lol
While the prestige of the league took a hit, it'll be fine.
I am a powerful creator of my own life. I take back my power that I have previously given to others and know that I hold my truth within me.
Triple stack
Alan Belcher, hats off to you. Well done. Highly entertaining fight.
Hey NYC alumni: if u are in the Brooklyn area be sure to check out Ned Snider's ('99) mural on 4th Ave. b/w 32nd & 33rd st. in Sunset Park
I second this. RT : I really want to hear the university plans (if any) of engaging surrounding low-income communities
Thanks for sharing this, Great summarized tips!
Ten toes down
Realizing how lucky is for having an hour and a half before class..
I always see you around school but we haven't been able to talk much. #MissingYou :/
come to the Bing lot 4-6 and party. Open bar. Lots of free food.
listening to that still. can't wait for the cd! by the way, can we still donate?
Going to be on VoiceBox KALW 91.7 w/ playing some of my favorite female vocalists of the Bay Area Friday night
Max Lieberman, I started as Technology Coordinator in February. Hope to tweet some of our own upcoming summer workshops too!
There is nothing so easy to learn as experience and nothing so hard to apply
When I talked to a school official at UH and mentioned economic hardships and such, was told they could not help. No money no more school
lol @ Stay-At-Home-Spouse I knew u would be working from home before 30.
i should shower. i guess.
Momma needs a house, baby needs some shoes, times iz getting hard guess what imma do??!!!
Stop tweeting i trying to sleep thank u!
Me too RT : I will be a millionaire one day.
follow me if u want baby to stay on youtube 5
Everyone please keep Andrea Vellinga and everyone affected by the state fair tragedy in your thoughts & prayers as the week begins.
Its okay. The game is in Cincinnati so I'll have to check the #Bengals website
Good luck with whatever you come up with! : Trying to conger up a good excuse. Any suggestions?
#Vote for Ken Leonczyk if you want a congressman who believes in small government, freedom of religion and
the three stouges looks funny as hell.
Theres only one person I want 2 talk 2 n I cant cuz Ive been a complete bitch for the past couple months tho I dont think they noticed
Got family/friends in town? Bring them to ! We're OPEN regular hours today, 12/24. (But we're closed tomorrow!)
Of course - and I knew that! What can I say - foiled by a typo.
Musicians must be able to identify their product lineup and give their fans a way to receive that artwork!
We’ve got pizza. What you got?
Can't even get on right now!!! The site is that jammed!!! Headed to Rupp in a few hours!!!
Read at RADAR tonight at 6pm at the library? I'll pay you $100!
Can't wait for Sunday! We'll be giving $1000 Off room rentals at at booth #304. Please Share!!
Cats take out Texas :p
Tech field day starting with Kaminario
4th Annual Miss Black and Gold Scholarship Pageant is this Sunday!!! Come support these girls!
There can be no such thing as writer's block in the next 48 hours
I'm fasting until summer.
Action packed night at all our Ace operations around the country. Here is to our Managers for the commitment they put into our partnerships!
245 for drinks
thats the rumor but i might still try
Can I be one of those lucky people you're following? :(
I encourage you all to pray, read study, praise and stop falling for itchy ear messages. Get out of the the money line and get in Christ.
If someone doesn't open the door for you, cut a hole in the window... Embark on a relentless pursuit of purpose today!
i''l do anything fr ya but plzz follow back:)
Top 6 Tips from our LegalShield lawyers: 5. No problem is too small! If it's important to u, it's important to your LegalShield lawyer.
tell justin that i`m in love with him.
We can solve many of today's troubles by supporting those charities that bring real solutions!!!
US-MX #desal projects a priority for this week's #Border Governors Conference. Stupid when so much treated water is dumped into the ocean.
Well #rookie mistake it's 2:33 on shot chug.
if u get em let me borrow em
good job!
your beauty is like no otherr and everytime i see you i sweat
that's gunna hurt!! I'll just start by taking you on that picnic :D
Finally home to watch DWTS so beyond happy won design a dance she deserved it and she rocked it out!
It doesn't matter what it is, it's automatically cool if it glows in the dark
“: Ke$ha's single "Tik-Tok" sold more copies than any single from The Beatles.” <<don't want to live in this fucking world anymore
Broo , you need therapy !
My day >
It's 11:11 on Easter Sunday & you know what my wish is? For to please follow me?! Please Austin?! Please!!!
Hey peeps, this Saturday The Enclave will be at Yayo's Tacos. Free event from 6P-9P
How did that North Shore Connector work out for everybody today?
That's what I'm talking about!!...Knuckle up!!..lol...And I've just been..being more social with my friends..lol..
It's #TwitterTuesday. #ShareMe please Xo
did you hear the rumor about gagne entering the NFL draft today?
Realized: am still trying to dress like a woman I saw walking down the street maybe 15 years ago.
RT looking to be your next hair stylist. Check out my hot hair line of products.
do you ever just zone out and wonder what would have happened if you never gave trying out a shot?? xx.
Omg one more class then it's the weekend Cereal Bowles
Semi- finalist, Miguel Franklin, started singing when he was 5 years old and had his first performance at the age of 8!
Took a nap for 5 hours
Raiders of the Lost Car Keys
why do you always spell check me
Been in SA and aint had a latino yet....
Suppose I'll tidy up the kitchen before sleep returns with vengeance!
again, he's on pace for a career high OPS. By far. He can't control no one getting on base ahead of him.
Kind of you to say! I started twitter & got swept away by Instagram. Trying to envision integration of the 2.
You've got two more hours to get out to and get a delicious sample!
I learned before MPLP debuted. I learned by working side by side with another archivist at my 1st internship.
yeaa I thought you only played qb tho now you classified as an athlete #whhatt?
My pleasure, Mahesh. ()
Thanks, ! That's the feeling we want to convey! If interested, I'd love for you to take part in a survey we're conducting.
If U received an email from the State of New York concerning a Traffic Ticket U received 7/2/11 at 7:25am, DON'T OPEN IT - contains MALWARE!
Before I forget, I want to send a special #HappyBirthday out to , tear it up!
Tricky tricky!
DEFINETLY AGREE! I THINK PPL THAT SAMPLE ARE MAINLY PEOPLE WHO'S NOT GOOD WITH CHORD PROGRESSION & MELODY! RT. I DO CONCUR!
are you coming down today?
Happy Christmas to you! Hope you're having a good one.
Yes. All. Weekend. Long.
Follow me so I can DM you.
The loss of Borders has struck a blow against bored husbands on shopping trips the world over.
Who sleeping in late 2morrow?
Congratulations to Cedric Golden of the Austin American Statesman - Best Sportswriter according to readers of the Austin Chronicle, and us.
thanks Mark. a shot in the dark off a few descriptive words, let me know if he has something else in mind.
Oh stuart, I could go on for days about how priveleged the kids are now. Old person mode: engaged.
I'm totally down!!!!!. Ain't nothing gonna stand in my way lol
Thanks! That made my day! :)
Can I just say that "3 days" seriously turns me on I <3 u guys!
Thanks for following back :)
Working and listening to #TheDecemberists "The King is Dead." Great album! Yes, I still call music floating in my IPhone Cloud "albums."
If there was only a way that both Nashville and Detroit could lose...
HI, I am back.....If you are thinking about doing some ebooks please go here: www.bluebooksell.com
The Ghosts of Flatbush. The Dodgers bond with Brooklyn will never be matched. And their move to LA changed MLB forever
I'm getting a lot of things done today that I never make time to do :)
Character is like a tree and reputation is like a shadow. A shadow is what we think of. A tree is what it really is.
Making some progress. Should have a beta website done within the next few weeks.
Shipping off projects and getting stuff done feels fantastic. Take that, to-do list. Anyone else super productive today?
hot. RT : I am a cultural truffle pig, rolling around in the cultural mud. Pluck the cultural tidbits from my salivating mouth.
Everyone is bundled up down here wearing hats, mittens, and winter coats... If they only knew what winter REALLY is!
what did you call me?
if you could go back too any day in ur life what day would you go back too???
I'm down as a mug fugga
Today's post-chemo song: Disco Inferno. Burn that mother down!
calling it a night with 1100 words done. Into scene 2 of chapter 2. More #amwriting tomorrow. Night kids :)
Finish them!!!
did she deserve that for texting etc while driving?
that might be one of my favorite tweets of all time
Perhaps the chapter I just looked at was only 3 pgs, but when I clicked PDF icon on top right I only got PDF for that section
I don't know why, but I am pumped to find out what happens with
Just wanted to say GN to all u twitter ppl an have a blessed day tommarrow ps. Follow an check out my page on youtube DOEentTV
I'm fine as long as I don't try to speak.
Omw to my game
I know you and I are football fans at heart, but April is STILL a great sports month!
Sounds like fun! RT Urban Chic/Style Fashion Show, AVAM on 9/30. Duff of Ace of Cakes, Mary Amons from Real Housewives of DC
I have e-mails for you - hopefully sending them will work soon. 'meantime, if you want instant gratification, DM! :)
You know you play too much tennis when you shuffle and side step when moving from place to place
People walk out of your life for a reason, because there will be someone who deserves your love more than the last.
Awww that's so cute but guess what idgaf!
I love when people take my phone ;)
Smh the fact that people can talk about someone's religion is beneath me, this world is a crazy place.
“: lmao and we both know how that ended lmao dudes boots in the sky!!!”he was really vertical upside down
LOVE that song.
Thank you for Sacred Economics. I'm reading it now. It's beautiful and very, very inspiring.
Haha omg! : Actually, my teeth are fine. I just go to the dentist's office to hear my songs.”
Time to go to sleep, fever is kicking in again :(
New Bourbon Heritage Menu starting soon. There is "Makers Mark" everywhere!! Yum
i miss you by blink 182.
not really..
Don't ask about my pan pizza....it's personal.
I laughed at that, too! RT : Hahahahhaa they think Twilight is dark.
Who did you have in the final four?
You know it!
skipping school tomorrow! feels good☺
Stunning night in Hollywood hills, Angeles is clear and the view looks like a treasure island of orange jewels.
We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly.
Congrats to Albert And Lesly for obtaining their yellow belt in arlingtons Mma ProPAIN combat
No tweet all week makes for little activity. Busy in the jungle!!
Can't I be lounging spool side with right now? #whyme ... Sucks to be indoors on a beautiful day.
Dressed for success.
It was a 5K to benefit the Maple Dale-Indian Hill school district. Twas this morning starting from my driveway.
Oh come G.Clooney, good-looks can't make up for a lack of common sense!
had a ball...
Congrats to Jeff Fitts - BassRanking #1 Fisherman in Florida. ( and long time Jethro Pro Staff Angler) Way to go Jeff !
how do you get over a death?
umm just seeing this drama, what the...
#TEAMFOLLOWBACK WHERE YA AT? :)
Selena Gomez is the most. Unique amazing. Voice and personality ever she is amazing no wonder Justin bieber. Like loves her she's beautiful
Thank you for all you do to honor our heroes!
Had a great weekend and finished it off with a great service at church. Ready for a great week.
I apologize for answering the question you asked
Cirbo was on the news for sleep texting. Haha
A fine is a tax for doing something wrong. A tax is a fine for doing something right. Author Unknown
I need to stand side by side with my wife for you to see mine. It takes two pairs of buttocks.
Jamming out to with and ! :D Omg its soo amazingg ! <3
got a rocking gig lined up at Sat 12th Novemeber. Grab a burger and rock out to the best 80's cover band in LA!
Almost done with post. Will be finished in December. Thanks for asking. RT : when does the film wrap?
“ “ Thinking about somebody but not wanting to text them 1st””
don't buy gas Sunday April 15th its a protest day, be down for the cause and spread the word
Other people and things can stop you temporarily. You're the only one who can do it permanently.~Zig Ziglar
unless I work. daddy has some big news to tell u!
I'm so scared of beaches it's not even funny I refuse to step on a beach let alone get by the water..
#LTNY up next: international data concerns w/ experts from Cleary & B of A, led by the incomparable ^BM
Happy Thanksgiving from the Balanced Energy for Texas Family! Wishing you and your loved ones a wonderful Turkey Day!
Hi Grace - Thanks for the follow. Best
i found out
When you haven't had hookah all day and you finally get it at the end of the day!!!!
We have enough gun control. What we need is idiot control.
Much <3 to all my new followers! You guys rock!
And we meant every word. Can't wait to see what you come up with next :)
Yeyyy!! Lol, that's just what Tampico does :D ;)
Time to go work on my vocals so i can hit up a recording studio real soon... Love yall(:
lol I hope that's a good "oh I see"
Maybe you can help me interpret this report? Should we schedule a webex training for me? cc:
I seriously hate weight living but I just love coach kavi.
Multiple thank you notes today from students, which always make me smile
Playing a block party tomorrow night. That means free beer and tunes. If you live on the block at least
New V-day toast: Loving somebody... makes you want to set that person on fire... cheers!
UWO drops its first game of the #WIAC tourney, 10-0 in 8 innings to a heck of a team. Play loser of UWW/UWSP at 4.
The closet called. RT : STOP what you're doing and watch 's "Where Have You Been" video right now.
I like my drop shadows on the bottom left. It's always 4pm in my world.
Even so......WOW.....puts even the best stuff here on my digital to shame!! How are you doing????
Like the start except for missing 6 straight wide open shots
#Mediacom is looking for a call recording?! That's desperate - they will never get business from me ever again
Last night at USM :(
I bet. Looking forward to read it online from the states. Keeping my Dutch updated daily with #Het_Parool news paper.
is single & ready to jingle in new yorrk cittaay<3
A perfect blend of story, setting, costume, character, language and literature.
we finally are in dc. Our flight got cancelled in swiss so we had to stay the night. Terrible.
#Riverside's young professionals network - The Pick Group - continues to build a better community through volunteerism and giving...
totally agree on the fit...but think he gets to the Bears at 19...will be a great value there
SOME people get into your LIFE to make it BETTER..., some people MUST get OUT to make it BETTER.
Lopez: "I remember seeing Isa...hit the fence. I was on the ground & I was hurting & all I could hear was Isa crying &..."
I would love a follow from you!!
what should I be?
All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence; then success is sure.
"Just give it a little second." My feeble attempt to convince my brother to let me listen to any Taylor Swift song in his presence.
You know you're a foodie when you care more about the name on the menu than the name on the building.
Spectacular is right!!
Life is good, I have been a bit Twitter absent lately. So busy at the office and personally. How are you? Amazing I hope.
Congrats to June, Jenny & Sara- just scored tix 2 the SOLD OUT Abq Chris Tomlin show. Just 1 pair left. Details on how 2 win soon...
e.e
return the keg?! No no we have a keg already- we just need to fill it up!
Looking fwd to seeing y'all today. I love to learn new things!
I love the start by the #NYR but they need to keep the pressure on
Enjoying the killer #BuffaloTom at show from last fall - Can SO hear your laughter & Cortezscream
Flash is used 90% of time. Windows media is also good for PC only use.
Broke down on the New Jersey turnpike. No shows for us tonite or tomorrow.
Thanks Derrick I appreciate it
have great trip!
Coffee! It's 8am!
Countdown begins just a few more days until Distro1 first show...
How did I not know it was #BASHH tonight?
I've been dying to see in 3D but my mother says I have to earn the right to go? Fuck that shit
One more website will be launched today.. Stay tuned!!! A small hint...Cruises, Catalina Island and ocean.. :)
State Board of Educ member Paul Lundeen testifying against multistate testing bill.
The last few weeks 1 question keeps coming up "how do I print the online authorization form"? Answer it's electronic no printing needed.
so much tailgate food yesterday....bacon wrapped shrimp and scallops was only the beginning!
": FACT: Girls have a lot of crushes, but their heart only belongs to one guy." Coughcough Evan <3
Tip 6: Ending the Date - If there is a mutual attraction don't forget to get her number and don't expect a kiss on the first date.
golf party at applebee's 👍⛳
Come to Fountain Festival of Arts & Crafts Fri-Sun, Nov.12-14th 10AM-5PM. Great Weather, Awesome Art, Tasty Treats, Fun & Beautiful Setting!
thanks for adding us to ur lists!
first tweet?
yup. I wanna go to Canada Aye. Lol
#20ThingsAboutMe I hardly ever get mad, that's just not me!
....hey babe. Miss u much.
yeah! Doing the new job happy dance!
Just took a shit. It smells like vodka.
all I wanted for my birthday was a twitter mention, thanks for making my dreams come true.
Too much to do...
#NF THE LOVELY U ;-)
Dibens got passed, OUCH
Our new album "Packed for Exile" will be out July 3rd!!
Thanks great company and Brad Thomas and great food at lunch at Fish Market in
Got something else going on tonight. Maybe see you guys at the hotel bar late(r)?
I'm at Farmers Market, hubby is home watching Bond marathon. It's how we roll on the holiday weekend. Ah, marriage.
Thanks for the plug Kelsey!
Or if they went to class all this past week.
It's #talktometuesday Feel free to ask me anything and I will answer all questions. Or say hi to me or something.
My Pee-Paw always complains about the heat of the laptop on his legs, which is ridiculous, since his legs have been useless since 1963.
take next Friday off, its going to be a Friday funday followed by Royals home opener...do it do it!!
#MyPastRelationships probably never should have happened, and I should also try to fix them.
Breaking ya neck looking aint good for ya...
i was sitting alone this morning when coach was taking roll ...
New post: Wine Sale - Up to 70% off Retail with FREE Shipping
lemme try that again
Hey everyone it's christmas party tonight. Make sure to head over then for a night cap head to Judge's
Not much more to give. Didn't really happen (just almost did) ;)
Rihanna, Chris Brown Twitter Diss: Singer Un-Follows Ex After He Blasts Her on New Song
in order to get the other prize you need to get more people to follow me... okay.
So the guy came and got his phone ha.
Just 2 more hours until the event today. I'm taking some time to do 1 more run through & some kickboxing to get fired up! See you there!
Nomad live tonight at Kinky Star, Ghent. 9 pm. Fun!
AMEN to that!
Big business in intellectual property! In Seattle area, hourly rates range from $200 for an associate to $550 for an experienced partner.
NOT a fan of Sonja. What is she, 65?! Ew.
now I feel like the world really will end in 2012. :)
: Tacoma-02/07 (pm closure I-705). During southbound closure, drivers will not be able to access I-705 from Schuster Parkway.
what's good kid
sweet. How long are you around?
psh im always fresh
Well lawlorffs we never got any of those pics. So we may not be able to do the collage :( Hopefully we get some by tomarrow night.
SWEAR my future sons will never be as disrespectful as mfs these days. does nobody's momma raise them right anymore ?! ugh
I'm in Sanur and leaving later today for Ubud. Might spend a few days in Besakih w/ a family we met. Bali is amazing!
i am very skeptical.
spoke to Bill today and got Stephen King and a gift card for my sister in Portland ME. Thx for your help!
Happy Valentines day everyone!! Especially to the One i Love, My Man of course, I love you Mario <3 10-30-11
i got cut by my own skateboard and my friendz think itz halarious wow! :)
wonderful piece on Pyara and other area spas in the current issue of !
witha line like that you need to record whenever it worked
So much drama. I seriously hate it. Today i'm just gonna chill.
good. I'm not the tender, cuddly type.
Movie Night!
Listening to XM Yankee games, Suzyn Waldman & John Sterling are the Jerry & Elaine of baseball.
Be a fan on Facebook, Search for Punjab Indian Restaurant San Diego, CA and HIT LIKE!!
I refuse to wear saggy pants. RT : Maybe more like hip-hop stars.
Could downtown hoteliers form a BID & then assess themselves the proposed rate increase to fund Convention Center?
#KARMA Just sit back and wait. Those who hurt you will eventually screw up themselves and if you are lucky, God will let you watch!
Jackson is one of those slimy guys that shoved kids in their lockers in high school.
Going to ride, damn it's hot here in TN. I feel sorry for everyone at Loretta Lynn's!
Happy Australia day!
Wishing all of you a Happy Holiday!
My roommates are talking about their "waxing schedule"Seriosuly, the funniest thing to listen too.
I'm not conceded just confident
Double D on #DWTS !!! Cheeseheads for DONALD!
RT : #astd2012 will be the 1st opp to win a 12 month license to the Critical Thinking University! Stop by booth
Asian cracker mix and chai tea lattes shouldn't go together...but they do...they really do...
"An ounce of gold is an ounce of gold, whether it consists of guineas, sovereigns or eagles."
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 36
Oh my goodness, that sounds AMAZING!!! :) :) :)
What's your website address?
#HateItWhen you see someone online, and there totally not the person you thought face to face.
Take a walk down memory lane revisiting your school year books to get some ideas on who to to reconnect with on LinkedIn or Facebook.
I think I've seen 20 bumper stickers today
Success only becomes before work in the dictionary. In order to be successful you have to work.
So glad Ky BB national champs r there at the Derby! I think r going to place the roses!
A few more hours and my new #novel will be done. I promise a
#Wizards actually beat the #Thunder last night. Their win streak is now at 1. Avg tix: $24 via Fan Cost X iPhone app.
Is it the freckles you love about our faces or...?
One Direction was on Rai..how cute:) #One Direction
Just checked out the poster for Jesse Griffith's short film entry "Cockpit" starring Ronny Cox, what iconic imagery...terrific stuff.
Yup.... It sucks o well gatta do it
but i promise i let you know! love you with all my heart bestie number one <3
Bernie's burger bus! The best burgers I have found in houston. Heading there now!
Why do moms celebrate their babies monthly birthdays... I don't get it.
Talk to the ✋
what is your best show on tv?
Get a discount, chat with us, and register for the Poetry Off the Page symposium? Nowaywhere?! Our booth @ the AWP Book Fair is where!
LOL Chicago-based Art Advisories and their websites.
So nice out! Winter jacket was def unnecessary
When is the album dropping yo?
I knew I could count on you. Going to update the Wikipedia page now!
I think my dog is going crazy with the smell of the BBQ pork tenderloin in the slow cooker.
too cute!
WI billionaire's business pays zero dollars in state taxes, gives 500K to Walker, wants to crush worker's rights. This is wrong.
Im cold like a midnight in Aspen. 💨⛄
56% won't take a job that bans social media
Well I'm not going to school :)
I'm always strapped
Turnt up dumb high right now
yep, it was a blast!
and so are you<3
Will do, Mika. Thanks very much.
Just got my tickets! Never been before, but hearing talk about it was all I needed to convince me it's worth going to
Just what we like to hear! RT going to see the Titanic exhibit at the South street Seaport museum!!
Breathe Carolina, is like, omfgadsjhfawkfjj.<3
Sar, your comment on website took my breath away! so sweet. I'm so glad you liked the interview. Scott=super
how tall are you??? #HungerForUnger! :)
Life is short...live it well ;-)
who he given em away 2 ckus u knw its Money team one mines when he fought Ortiz i was da only Mexican routtin 4 him
you hating mfs out here jamming to the radio i aint even skipped a song
wouldn't that be Sweet
I finished Thursday morning. I find myself wanting to read them all again. Excellent stories.
oh...one more thing...
The thirst and the delusion I see every day is beyond pathetic
And right as you're leaving work! Blah.
Its like I cant feel a thing without you around.
Do dancers have razz-metabolism?
You think Brady will play the entire game?
Thank you Jesus for waking me up this morning, and starting me on my way. About to hit the campaign trail. It will be a great day! GRAY 2010
Check out our 1 game NFL contests. Free to play and great prizes. Thanks to all our fans. www.playffnow.com
Check out our friend James Redford's The D Word: Understanding Dyslexia Official selection of 2012 Happy news.
I hate nosy people
enjoy your conference :) bring back ideas :)
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
RT : If you dont know what you want, how do u expect others to jump into action 2 help? BE SPECIFIC.
ATTENTION 🏃🙅👊💨🔥💤✌🎵🙏💏 CONTEST 4th member: guess the unknown members name and age and enthicity and u when a prize from her
See, isn't easier saying y'all? :-)
Which is part of the problem - it's as though Palestinians and other subjugated groups in Israel are always spoken *for*
WE HAVE TO TAKE LANCE HOME TOO! i might just go home and sleep!
WOW Your dad is 60 and my mom will be 60 in March when I'm your age! I love you Taylor! I wish you had a T-Party in Charlotte
Hi! Thanks for following us. Looking forward to being of service!...~Linda :o)
Did you just throw up or something??
Who knew a Penny War, a Dunk Tank & a chance to sink your boss would raise >$1K for ?! Great job /!
Come out tonight to East Meets West Bookstore and listen to live music by the and ! 8:30 934 Mass Ave Cambridge!
Hope everyone has a great weekend!! more in a bit, its back to work I go!
ur the best, Gay!
& it better not rain the day of prom !!
Ah my bed feels good. #comfy tweet
hi jack
I was mystified!
just followed
Protesters circling Capitol chanting Our House.
i hope so and thanks (:
Get up. Get cute. Get out there! - NSD, Kimberly Copeland
About to head over to Soul Fo Monday
Thanks for the nice comment :D Hope all is well
RT Next month's #CaliforniaCoastalCommission meetings will be in San Francisco. We'll be live tweeting then too
You never did text me after talking to the monkey...
The Patriot is the saddest and most awesome spot in NyC
Lock clock work, I get a message that I'm being followed and with one click I follow back ;)
just asked us a great question and we're curious to know your response to it...why is art important to you?
Cold here in Pittsburgh. Need some tropical sunshine!
Erpenbach, Kiefer, Maniaci at Madison Barrett party. Salsa dancers occupying other half of the room.
Hate working so hard for something just to find out its a piece of shit once you finally get it
YEAH THAT'S ME :)
Columbus people we had better see all of you at this show tomorrow! Unity Fest w/ Inhale Exhale, Though She Wrote, Come Wind, & more!
Thirsty niggas uggh fly with that thirst ball shit
me too
Who likes Arizona tonight?
End of the first quarter, score tied 7-7.
the new icon is extremely ugly
Found my Dalek bubble bath. With all the hassle in the move, I was worried I'd be without it. Scary thought. It's cool though. No worries.
#DowntonAbbey is electrifying - easily one of the best written television dramas I've ever seen.
just realized that Saturday is cinco de mayo #goinmadhard in boston
Of course, the big thing is if anything goes wrong w/ the pump. They're like $1500. :) But that is the only moving part.
Happy Tuesday!!! Make it a great day!!
looking forward to roadtripping to 's Dia:Beacon &
You can't talk to somebody when they are scared to confront you! They just keep on runnin' talking shit behind your back!!
I'm at cooper high!
OMG 20 MILLION FOLLOWERS. CONGRATULATIONS!!!!
ha HA! and hopefully at lest a few apples to pick in the fall.. :-/
fudruckers at noon then ths rest of day is up for what ever
When my mom and I walk out of our rooms come to find out, we're matching shirts... haha :)
Whoop Whoop! Thank you my #TeamTallandPretty friend. So are you Ms. Alluring and Tall! :)
Who has kik and/or instagram?
Thanks to all of our advertisers and readers for making 2011 a great year for Barcode Magazine.
he's dead.
I'm pretty sure I can make a miniature you with all your hair that's around the gym -_-
Coffee at Bennu with Jamie. I am the only non UT person here. Frantic finals cramming all around me.
Ok....I'm not the best...just sayin
G12 Globalization Students: Grades are updated, please check email!
RT : That awkward moment when the guy who discovered milk has to explain what he was doing to the cow.
all you need now is a Randy Wolf jersey! Congrats!
Don't you hate when your so hungry ,you can't wait for the your food to cool. LOL!
Didn't go help guard because my dad promised to start early with breakfast and get motor in. He is still #sleeping #wtf!!!!
I wish I never had to go back
Happy birthday to Tibet! xoxo
Deviating from "Summer of 69" and "Smoke on the Water", the crappy cover band is now playing "Chicken Fried" by Zac Brown.
too bad your not 21! Have a blast. Come to washington and follow back :)
answer your damn phone it's time to
Wow I advent been on here in awhile I have tweets from 3 months ago in my time line.
Looking for a new or new-to-you car in/around Madison, WI? How can I earn your business?
Good Morning! I did have a good weekend, got to see some family and spend time with the kiddos! How about you?
Gillibrand To Push For Federal Legislation Allowing Gay Parents To Adopt - NY1
Enjoy the gym while I sit in the office!
“: hey (; you're cute! #justsayin<3” thank you <3
i beat some kid up and broke my hand!
LoL... I always use basketball as my baseball fall back. Soccer when I feel like mixing it up a bit. *dusts off bball jersey*
As March begins it's your last chance to get 2011 pricing for your 2012 coolers. Stop in at any of our stores to secure these great...
im done at six im not going through anymore files
take your leap now and grow your wings on the way down
Any "Charley and the Chocolate Factory" Fans out there?
Nope... Katie's! Then the Ferrari Spring Thaw in Reston Town Center!
have you listened to our music??
Thank you both so much! I'll stay in touch.
thought you just tweeted national tampon vacation....glad i re-read it
so david beckham isn't in seattle tonight cause he has to "rest"? he mustve been doing something else besides playing soccer
very much so! I get SO wrapped up into that show!
#GWU somebody just won a Wii. Why are you not here yet?
Use location technology for your business's total success.
The muffin scene is one of the great heights of comedy. The degrees of imagination, play and seriousness are all shocking.
working on my blog post for you!
. Went to session , really cool but I think Subaru did a better job than Avis with that execution
Bout to head to to for DADA LIFE!! COME RAGE CAGE!
Soo, we're going to Atlanta???????!! To see Christian? :)
Sometimes I just feel bad for people. Some companies have the worst insurance plans.
Thank you well let me know if we can do any work together in the future!
Lol, I feel like I'm grounded. It says I have 14 hours left on my blockage! :O
Saturday 5/18 were tearing down Brooklyn at Rock Bottom! w/ Ghost of The Machine
I'm not in CA. Are you?
Happy St Patricks Day! Happy Evacuation Day, Boston!
Latin America is at least a decade behind US digital culture. Huge opportunity but very high risk.
is this a Mad Men inspired purchase?
I don't know which one you had, but I downloaded the 38.2.
“: Please stop being so cute.. it's distracting..”
sent me a ticket....i need to find out
Yes, it makes one think, "Surely I need to own an assortment of springs!"
Ron Paul looks shocked and upset - I think Rick doesn't really understand his position.
Pros and Cons: A Fantasy Football Movie premieres May 17th at Angelika Film Center, Mockingbird Station JENNIFER MACMAHON GARRETT BESSER
next time you add a location like #exhaleAtlanta or #AtlanticCity, consider my idea for bed cubbies...have you seen Fifth Element?
To know how this affects individual, depends where SCORPIO is: my 4th hse, affected my home/family. Keywords: opportunity, nerves.
Hello -- intrigued by your latest tweet ...
In forever getting compliments on how healthy, straight, and shy my hair is^_^
Friday Humor: "There's a fine line between fishing and just standing on the shore like an idiot." - Steven Wright
As you know so well, this society trains, supports, reinforces & glorifies many forms of abuse for profits of all kinds.
Yes it was great to meet you again too and catch up on Crawford Street classic moments!
Am i the only one that is disappointed that battlefield 3 is doing close quarters maps? Feels like theyre trying to be another game.....
Today in physics my teacher said "the light doesn't only move in ONE DIRECTION" I almost fell off my chair
i like bitches who like to get right with it..
thank you! I'll keep working!
I hate him so much, Dan.
Attention! Follow this local wino:
drops the knowledge of Ben Folds 5 on studio working on a new record Nobody throws in great info any better
Thanks to I have a tempting, unopened package in my living room.
Everyone be SAFE in Lexington tonight!
Thanks and great to see you!
Looking for a Fall Internship in Chicago?? Email Kate Jagmin at if you're interested!!!
I cant wait to see in June at the comcast center !!
“: gotta meet johanser first” definitely
it's a kind of day, his lyrics always get my mind racing, it's a new thought everytime i hear them.
Thanks Mary! It almost sounded like I knew what I was talking about!
Working on a few of projects. Business is picking back up.
We only use OEM original parts so you can rest assured your phone is fixed right the first time.
90's prom party playlist! #suggestions ?
Thanks!RT : i meant to tell yall, awesome job covering the jet crash the other day. WAVYTV was on shout out...
A is following me ♥ Thank u for following me it means so much i lovve ur songs ♥
just chilling before my shift... Caught your Mixtape DO NOT PASS GO! DO NOT COLLECT $200!
I wonder what Judge Judy thinks when she hears, "Judge not lest ye be judged."
Never ever ever getting my hopes up again. This is what happens
u say this is going bed early, I say this is going to bed late
A question one of us needs to ask PV this afternoon... RT : Odds this happens?
I counted 8. Great video! Which are you seeing more of in new pub agreements: nonexclusive license language or complete © transfer?
HFS he just cut this dudes face off
Want me to tweet Mahomie Confessions? :)
Meeting Wednesday with for the video treatment
RT : Are you doing anything special for #MothersDay this weekend? I hope you are all good to your moms! ;)
They built that city on rock and soil
show me around lmao
My favorite thing about my flight to Atlanta was the old Indian lady next to me rubbing Vicks vapor rub all over herself
thanks for the follow
No 2 hour delay for me tomorrow. :/
Awesome. Best thing to read in the morning. I am going to share this with the office. Congrats.
Tonight! The Destructions with 3 Minutes to Live and She'On at Rock Bar! Downtown on the corner of 3rd and Broadway!
get um boy
I'm really sensitive. My feelings get hurt easy, but I don't show that shit.
Morning! Hope you have a great day
Hooray! Great news! I love the show.
This reminds me of litho, toxic chemicals & being forced to breath in the vapors. 8 hrs to go. # OSHA
thank you for the mention.
Today was the day Bonnie & Clyde died...interesting
Oh by the way my alcohol consumption is not helping my spelling of caryon, or crayon as it shud have been.
Launch date is coming! The first week of deals is gonna be great.
Thanks for dropping some serious knowledge for the fellows! #NLCAtlanta #NLC Institute
Hates that moment when you set back and realize you were happier when you weren't single.
Haha of course I will =)
Because you know deep down, 10/10 times says your going to be humiliated in front of your target audience, meaning like 20 people.
I didn't hear it, but I imagine John Sterling having a very difficult time making the call on that final out
YEEEEEE #SaySomethin IS ABOUT TO PLAY AGAIN
All my bitches nasty Like a cold dinner
u cant belive this omg! is following me!!!!:)
Did you mean: The woman pulls the door of the night and went - had high heels.
Had a very chill night. Ugh I needed it.
please follow me follow me :( if you dont follow me hahah
I Love you.
buenos días everybody! have a great day
Thank you Nikki! I'm gonna be a monster at IU
Must....concentrate!! Need to get this synthesis done and 20 quotes collected so I don't panic Sunday night!!
Great work! Be sure to post pics for you hashtag experiment! We will help you!
Have a wonderful day just because xo
The Best Revenge Is Success.
Thanks #aea for the remote time line buzz. Lacked depth of attendance, but plenty of topics to explore. Nice job.
Dinner with the #bff's
working on my photos!!
Biggest moment in sports history for anyone in a #23 uniform since MJ did his magic for da Bulls.... WOW
Either work or quit your job Congressmen! Dont double my Rate
I just want to crawl back into bed and go to sleep!
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 49
8 more Ibs to go and I'm taking that vab!
Very true.
When he grew out his beard.
I was so looking forward to Carnittas, dummy me I forgot to turn on the slow cooker. Bummed, pasta it is.
please follow me <33333
heard anything back about Ian and the contest?? The pic was soo cute!
Too sweet :D Hope to see you soon!
I just want you and all that you are and everything you ever will be.. That's it<3
the exact reason why you should have signed up for the cheap tickets for sundays game.... :)
So has yet 2 reply about the insulting nature of my shopping experience and how rudely I was treated.
not even Shelby Lynne music is helping to blow these dark and stormy clouds away
Too tired right now
At another excellent thesid defense. Katie Phelps, you go girl!
Love it when you give me head, hate it when you give me headaches - J-Cole
Happy St. Patty's Day! Please stop by Champion's Pub on Bartlett Ave. and donate a non perishable food item! Thanks for your support!
why am i wearing all pink to sleep ? -.-
My interview about whether Glenn Beck is a demagogue will air at 1:25 EST at www.kpfa.org--tune in!
Follow us on Facebook! www.facebook.com/envillepublishing
*texting fuckin auto correct
I honestly don't know because
Come to full decision I'm going to wiz khalifa
Gotcha let me know!
Love it when fake tan starts going patchy and now I look like I have some sort of skin disease
“: All that ass in yo jeans.” that's what's uo
to all your poeple to share?!:) Please help me with promiton in the state my homie..:) here is a link
I know! & Thanks pam, I'm more than happy and excited. IMY btw!
Chrysler recalling 127K Dodge Charger & Chrysler 300 vehicles; potential problems in electrical stability control, anti-lock brakes -Reuters
Franklin gets an alley-oop to pull the #Aztecs to within one point, 27-28.
I am What I am
#nowplaying Ted Nash "In The Loop" on flight from Seattle to Boston. Some interesting music here, some that I could skip. But worth the time
Dudes on motorcycles, setting off car alarms! Seesh, those guys really do have huge cocks.
Every time I do get on Twitter #OOMF decides to stock me!
yes it will be the 30th. wow congrats!! fatherhood is great so far. do you know what ur having yet?
Huzzah! permission to cheer like I live in the 15th century!
Seek the glory of God, get into his head if you can. Act like a man, Think like a King. NspiredBy Proverbs 25: 2-6
A little #NFL draft action.. Love the looks of joy on the player's faces when they're chosen!
: I struggle with the mess. But soaking it and letting it sit overnight w/ suds usually does the trick!
It's good morning by now, so good evening to you! I'm still getting accustomed to this whole Twitter business.
from now on im not answering to KHIRAN u call me Mikael or Mojo
Nobody promised it would be easy they promised it would be worth it.
Ugh the last exam in my Vet Tech subject for Penn Foster doesn't work! :(
Finally its betta then ur dreams .
good to hear that
He was fairly stoic. Ate it like you would imagine a rabbit eats a carrot. I hated the way it sounded at he chewed it.
Monday why you no friday?
Yay #teenjeopardy I can actually answer something
july maybe idk
YES HAHAHHA! <3 with jamiee! the pretty girl i showed u (:
that was all ball bad call
"I was given so much more than what was taken away from me"
Crazy day with my crazy friends getting crazy!!!!
spoken word is basically dramatic poems read or spoken infront of ppl.
Great new spot
aw, and here I thought we were on a first name basis.
#MayMorning. Feeling very nostalgic for Oxford.
Dont believe what u hear and only hal of what you see Retweet if you truly understand this<3
got my rest in, ready to train hard CLE TRAIN HARD OR GO HOME!!!!
lol. No! I just wasn't hungry and remembered like 17 errands I forgot earlier, that's all!
DVR catch-up funny on #30Rock -also #RulesofEngagement #ParksandRec & #TheOffice Does anyone watch shows when they're actually on
she loves cuddling too ^^ I love her eyes!!
I knew there would be a group of younger kids on abdc this season trying to replace iconic boys. To bad the girls suck. Hahahan
guess you'll have to get that spam bao for lunch instead.
EMAC students & more will be showing their projects at the Showcase tomorrow! Come see!
I cut my thumb....how ever will I tweet?
Comic book talk at Etnies with !!!
Blueberry ale at the oldest tavern in the US!
looking for a part time job...nights and weekends only...any suggestions?
Fletcher's Top 4 downloads are coming up. Can you guess todays theme?
do you mail your breads? missing my #pdx home and your deliciousness :)
New Teaser for our Upcoming Release and Music Video #Lockdown tomorrow! Follow for more info! May 29th is almost here!!!!
some sleep. Some. If they start again tonight I might have a mental breakdown
but infants and the elderly aren't dependent on being organically attached to one specific person. Another fallacy.
": #oscars: enjoy the show, will tweet after. Thanks for your good thoughts. Billy" Can't wait!
UK is the wildest city in the country right now. GO CATS!!
Also, grps asking me to bring THEM devices so THEY can Demo...when I bought all the ones I'm bringing myself. Um, no.
Actually, I don't mind Justin Bieber at all. JUDGE ME ALL YOU WANT.
taking a break after weeding out the peonies
www.Shastic.com seeks #beta clients: #venues #restaurants #bars 2 #promote #events & #sell #drinkspecials on #Facebook. DM us for more info!
wish our Bill Bailey would've had the balls to go! “: Guns n Roses into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame....? Life is good.”
Dublin Or Bust.
wise prediction!
Kickin it wit my boy here at VAMP Patio, music bumpin, heat in full effect!!!
Definitely some #muscle on that bad boy, Jamie. Maybe they'll scale it back for a #RedSox edition.
Laura Morris
absolutely! I was in a dress in Hollywood yesterday, enjoying the sun and got to Venice half hour later to FREEZING cold
dig dig dig dig
"NBC Breaking News: Michigan Still Too Close To Call." Breaking news shouldn't have "still" in it, should it?
ewww so commercial! That is a bummer if Curly's closes in my humble opinion ;)
Channing Tatum is sitting at the table next to us. Lance might have a heart attack.
M that's a delicious combo. A spicy kick to the tongue! Thanks for stopping by.
Lost Kingdom: Hawaii's Last Queen...
THE WEEKEND IS HERE TIME FOR THE SPELLCAST TOP 10 CUTS OF THE MONTH!
lmao , love my nigga for we haven't been around eachother for a whole day since last summer (n) I missed you kidd
what is a CL sale?!
SERIOUSLY!!!??? So excited. Luna Bars here I come! :) Hope you are well!
I pushed "airplane mode" on my phone and no peanuts nor ice cream appeared.
Megan Newquist is on our 5 EYEWITNESS NEWS morning show. Welcome Megan!
everytime i have a conversatio with kevin or george they keep tellin me that the world is mine.
Rise and shine! Happy Monday Milwaukee!
I hate myself for not doing part of this assignment in the past two weeks and saving in the night before its due
Remind me to call you next time I need manual labor at a conference ;-)
Paper = done ...and a half hour before my target time
Aww thank you :)
Nice to meet you guys on Saturday ! Cheers!
Mine and his bio>>>yours
very nice. I think that place would be a "must go" for sure.
RIP Mike Kelley. Thank you for altering my psyche back in college & later in NYC & for being so lovely when I met you with Mayo Thompson.
i just threw up after thinking of you naked!
It's that time of year again!
I know some women wish they had a ”delete history” button on their p#$$!...
Oh my god my mom is over here playing the same sound effect on her phone irritating the hell outta me. She's worse than a 2 year old! -__-
RT : Orphan works candidate list now live. Are any of these yours? W.lib.UMich.edu/orphan-works
3 more days & the ORIGINAL HOUSTON FLAMENCO FESTIVAL will b here!!!
Ew Justin Bieber is ew. I don't like him. And neither should you all. I still don't even know how he has more fans on his fb page than MM
Damn dude i love your tweets, they're so fucking amazing and true!
After a prolonged absence I think may be back on the tweet sauce. Very exciting!
hahaha... wtf are we doing on twitter! like OH EMM GEE. i never use this thing... haha
Five-star hotels booked for weddings on 5/5/55 - Chicago Tribune
I'm excited, nervous, happy all at the same time!!
Is Bill Arneson still the coach?
why, #blogathonATX of course!
Confusing medical ailments with Mental Illness,
Off to the mall soon for a much needed hair appt lol. Hope everyone enjoys their Saturday <3
Yay! Thanks for calling that to my attention!
I'd like one of those! How do I get one, too? Enjoy!
Happy mother's day Mommy! I love you :)
I am clean! was a light in a very dark tunnel. Praise #SXSW!
I think people will pay for original, high-quality insightful content and commentary but they're not going to pay for "news"
retweet if you want to take down a guy that is making fun of Demi Lovato his name on youtube is dan13718
it has been a very busy time here lately
First question asked of me today: "Any chance you wanna play bad cop for me?" Uh, fuck yeah! I love bad cop.
I feel like i don't talk to my friends enough
Cougar softball, sunshine and classes done for the semester! Perfect afternoon!
I can't stop smiling!
Tweet me #s and questions for which ICONic Boy
where can I get a copy of the diagram of the structure of the media used in the movie #missrep ? Any ideas
no they were still filming
My son is one of those statistics. He was 15 mos when he fell out the window onto our driveway. He was lucky. Most are not.
Everybody is beautiful to somebody.
these blahzay e-mails tombout: "Hi!" That's it. Just "Hi!"
I wish and were doing a Simmons-esque running diary of this Idol episode, too much unintentional comedy
I like Tofu when it is marinated!
lol i cant :(
Also, I guess I can see the complaints of being "ninja romanced" (happened to me in ME1 with Kaidan. That said...
GM prices Cadillac XTS at $44,995 General Motors plans to introduce the 2013 Cadillac XTS, the carmaker's latest luxury sedan, at U.S. de
Taught a social media class tonight; only 5 stdts but none had even heard of Foursquare or Instagram. Puts things in perspective.
#NYC #vaporized #cocktails Perfect,! Blat Vodka will enhances any flavors due to no impurities in the vodka.
Is there a way to continuously play #podcasts on #iTunes?
I think should take their million and give it to charity, and not worry about who has F*cked
yes indeed, I know it well. Good luck & hope the list goes quickly!
thank you <3
Free Newsboys CD-Christmas Edition :: Pick up at WSC 3rd floor while supplies last.
Lifestyle as young adult may affect age of menopause - Fox News
I wish I could say I'm sorry that forgot to take her guacamole dip home with her. But I just can't.
#Goodmorning everyone let's keep it going.
U R STRAIGHT CLASS.
pays double
bet bet bet
Ready to go...
Welcome so why u gay and did u go to fear farm
When's the seance? I thought it was a birthday party.
Waiting for the finale of #InPlainSight, after which I will mourn the loss of a terrific show.
It's funny how people will be so upset that you've moved on when they're the ones who pushed you away.I'm free as a bird & happier then ever
Going to sleep early tonight
Now & then I thnk of all the times u screwd me over Part of me believin it was always somethng that I'd done But I don't wana live that way
John Zelazny's "Bad Santa" will be going on tap at the brewpub at 6 PM tonight! Stop in for a sample of some strong holiday cheer!
I feel a lot better about myself now that I know everyone in One Direction is 18 or older and I can be attracted to them #NoLongerACreep :)
I think Juan Williams should be compensated by the very cowardice decision NPR made to Fire him.
Can't we all just get along? RT : that's cool not like i'll be there too or anything
Ok Cowboys just to let you know We are due for a Super Bowl start connecting with each other and let us see you become number one again.
"Hell is full of musical amateurs." -George Bernard Shaw
Adults with food allergy session with Allergic Girl conference! Yay!
Shark Tank MIGHT be one of the best shows on TV.
how are you doing :)
lol...My bad!
why don't you call Joyce and talk to her and then apologize to me? I'm done with this conversation!
Ouch a home opener loss. time to drink the loss away with
this is my 1st ppv in about 3 years.
Sometimes..the only thing you can do is #letgo and let God.
hi justin
We LOVE Grand #Spa, they just added 15% off all #retail to there already 25% off services!! July here we come!
That's great news! Thank you. RT : Really enjoyed exhibit Check it out if you can!
Final read-through: 6 minutes 46 seconds. Title: "The Last Day in Atlantis" "I feel like this one is fun, if not funny."
In the airport bar at the 2 minute warning!!
Whose on your team? We got the sun
This organization is made up of LIARS. Promise of gift card to sign on...never honored. Called 8x's to resolve, No help !
Alright stop, collaborate and listen.
Its monday a new week Fresh start .. Get it right n Check out www.whoistrillogy.com
Why isn't there more fire in art and photography? If captured at the right moment and the right way, it can be memorizing and beautiful.
Good luck!
A Change has to occur!! #RealTalk My potential and destiny is in my hands.
5 bucks says he comes.
just look at her FB and I got the best men hunting swiper down officer T.J Hooker and Ice Tea u wanna help find him
Ginobli blowed a break away dunk
Join us this Sunday, 4/3 for our Earth Month kick-off event...Earth Month 5K fun run/walk !!!! Details at www.coloradoaveda.com
no there isn't you have to wait til i get home!
i wanted to try it but the look of it scares me lol!
How was he *not* a "culture-war conservative?" True: he didn't pursue *all* culture-war roads, but others (esp. race) he was on.
..did u change ur number?
Looking fwd to teaching a few design classes at IADT next term
Historically bad.
20 days to go from shoe box to anchovy can. Test your relationship.
We have a great lineup of picks for Friday, you guys who haven't used us really need to shoot us an email and hop to win big time money!
hmm yes. schemes and scheming. how to go about pulling carpets out from under without having carpets pulled out from under you first?
thank you (:
The great and powerful is now on twitter! Oh haappppyy daayyy!
When your life flashes before your eyes, make sure you’ve got plenty to watch. - Anonymous
Hurray Mittens!
Hour and a half later, still no Lupe sighting.
I have some of the BEST friends EVER! Got a care package from a couple bridesmaids & a home cooked meal from
hope you are all having a good holiday weekend. my neighbors are cranking the Otis Redding -- Sweet!
⚛ If I could tell my story in words... I wouldn't need to lug around this Camera ⚛
Just tell'em yes...in about 6 months ;) RT YOU GUYS, SOMEONE JUST ASKED IF WE HAD THE HUNGER GAMES. ON DVD. THE FUCK?
more stressful than a couple hundred pounds on your back (I don't have kids yet)?
Spring break is going way to fast!!
you seem to be shedding years. careful, or someone will think you're twelve.
not bad but we could do better. This is an untapped comedic market.
Thanks so much for mentioning my book. Have a terrific day! Daniel
What if Jesus needs some air in his tires?! Are you really going to turn him away tomorrow....
i don't like the new twitter
Congrats! Sounds like a really fun project!
RT : Great sass/compass talk by
Ladies: The minute you stop chasing him, is the minute he starts chasing you! x......
What's poppin?
mom and dad are hiding something
STOP THE PERIMETER SHOOTING
Yay!!! What a fabulous trio! :)
In case you missed it, free member ticket reservation for Wednesday's game vs. Portland is under way at JoinSporting.com.
up early for a little 5:30am yoga *yawn* but we know we'll feel amazing after!
I wouldn't call it cheating, just using the tools at hand. That's how I got my current icon. But still looking for better.
coach, we need you to cheer harder for the
If you missed it announced it will go two consecutive weekends again in 2013, starting April 12-14.
hey Charles, I liked your dad in Firestrarter. Hes like the white Samuel L. Jackson!!! Got $200.00 I could borrow??
Thanks for the follow. Nice website.
Shout out to the man with a sexy profile picture! See you bright & early tomorrow!
This > I hate it when I promise to do things with my kids and then they remember it. Can't back down on a promise.
it's called the Sun. I'll let it know you want to have a talk.
-thx for mention, you're linked in 3rd-from-last graf as part of tech-media network. Hope you found Yochai's research compelling.
i hate always retweeting but the posts tonight are awesome :D
The ideal Carmelo is a problem or reason team loses n playoffs is craziness. Team game u must have better team not just a better player.
lol not quite yet, i am a bit mature for my age aha.
Data Center Director perm position / job in South Florida. Ping me for details at
Because ActiveSync has caused so many sec issues, we can't allow progress/productivity! Name 1 maj iPhone Sec incident..
Sorry to hear about your site. Pls follow & DM the primary domain so we can check the status of your ticket ^CH
he gonna be alright I be high up there too
sitting in the student parking lot bumping refill !
Your pussy is powerful... Like it has a strong scent... Terrible enough to smell coming a mile away
I am attending Google's webinar Happening right now!
So Congress can't change the budget for 10 years...what type of governing is that??
Tasty Tuesday! This sounds like a delicious salad. Well, anything with avocados, really.
Seriously this summer is gonna be great. <3
This NYC humidity is sh!teous. Especially for my hair. Enough already.
ok good if u ever need advice on ANYTHING and i do mean ANYTHING JUST DM ME KAY
I think the guys are going to meet you for the head and stuff. I'm actually out of town, getting my braces off today. 😔
Follow me today
I am so sleepy, and the one old packet of Starbucks Via that I found is just too icky to get down my throat sans sugar. BLAH.
about to eat
Stupid Facebook.
Advice: avoid eating dinner with brand-new iPad on lap
Back at ya.
i wish my mom would move to jersey so i can take care of her >>>> :/
Hey I just met you and this is crazy but here's my number so call me maybe
Everything is always perfect at Hollywood Arts. (;
must be Ben's. I love their veggie chili cheese fries. My non beg head friends love them too.
HAPPY (Belated) NEW YEAR !!!!! :D
you know, I think I saw Keys make a face when Efron first said it. but then she repeated his error.
maybe head to Boston?!?
TGIF!!!! Tonight we're at the Mule Barn in Justin! Come hang out! Then we're headed to Stephenville for Labor Day at The Lake tomorrow!!
#FF Bill the thrill.
House party in Richmond
Hope everyone had a great Independence Day!
According to my sleep cycle app I never reached deep/REM sleep. I'm screwed!
If at first you don't suceed... You're not
My recap from tonight's game has a little more on it, and there's much more in the audio file.
thanks, how u been anyways
I don't know which is scarier, the road to success or success... I hope to answer that question soon. ;)
Is It Nice Looking
I am on my way to church, tamala mann is going to be there
HOLY BOYFRIEND VIDEO.
would you expect anything less Kirstie? When you got it you got it and chica YOU got IT!
Pretty psyched to be planning my first oral history project, hopeful we can implement it permanently and capture great stories/memories.
Meanwhile kids today say "What's a CD?"
Silly questions perhaps: Was Barrett scheduled to be there? Does sitting Mayor normally attend that?
any idea when bb sked will be out?
My son got a letter from municipal court. I assumed he got a ticket, but it was a jury duty summons - whew!
er, 1930. Yes.
Above all - try to think about sorts of public functions that libraries continue to play. A form of socialty.
hows things going w your company?
I'm a superfreak !!!
Great game last night, especially
It will all work out in the end. And if it hasn't worked out...it isn't the end.
Long day, late night Korean food here I come
Hope everyone had a great weekend! Looking forward to seeing everyone this week!
I won't. Started great & going well. Nice day out.
"you are graduating, aren't you?" "well yes but…I'm in the PhD program, I'm not going. I can get the diploma whenever."
No your siting your fat ass on the computer
your mama shouldve swallowed that load! lmao!
Strategic Vision. What can you do in 90 days, 900 days, 9000 days? What do you want to leave for the next gen? Shaffer
that looks AMAZE! What and where? Congrats on a great production!
Damn it feels good to put in work.
Lol.. M. Great idea!
The kids and I took my mom to lunch for #mothersday. Awesome Cobb Salad.
Kiss Me Like you miss me , fuck Me Like you hate me
What's on your mind?
oh there are so many things to know haha
#IAlwaysWonderIf I annoy you when I talk to you.
No I haven't. Why do you ask?
If he learned to defend the Pick & Roll, the Lakers would be far and away a better team. That's a big "if" though
Good night folks.
Chiefs are putting in a claim... Bears might get screwed
Originality is a by-product of sincerity.
I know it's for the best... I need detoxing!
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer42
they look so good. i would deff eat most of them. enjoy
That looks dope!
I belong to no organized party. I am a Democrat.
Should be an awesome morning! RT : We are headed to #raceforhope in DC this morning. Will you be there?
Obama comes out for #equality SO EXCITING!
so my driving wasn't great lmao. . Riding dirty.
#3wordsforyou get a life.
Half way done with radiation. 3 left weeks to go. My skin is red & hurts a little. Hopefully the lanolin will keep it ok.
Totally agree - why wait? :)
I'll be home by tonight
Good Morning!! I have an interview for my internship this morning...pray for me!!
haha I bet your excited to graduate :p, I was last year but I went to pg
You love that girl, you need that girl 👌 Don't you let her go
Aw, I just saw that you gave me one a month ago. Had no idea! Thanks :)
Loves cooking w fresh seasoning...even @ 11:00 @ night!
Its that time of Year Again, Summer Dress Code at Work I can wear Shorts NOW
Lmao hell naw you OD'd.. its not worst than that.
It scares me that i have fb stalkers!
funny, most in iMedia circuit agreed with Re: Luma. But many I spoke with yesterday were blown away. Weird audience mix here...
Thanks again for the interview!
Rest in peace, Amarillo Slim.
Join us this week for #RetroOnThePatio. We'll be groovin to Beatles tunes provided by Carson and the Pool. Vintage cocktails avail!
feel better soon hun
nap time <3
We are here to inspire, lead, and create FREEDOM for YOU>>>
Why'd you think we were looking for a new place?
One of the best shows on television is Girls on HBO. Anyone who loves Freaks and Geeks will love it.
the lady
RT if you start jammin out when Kahli's music plays. The beat gets me all the time. :-)
National Bieber Day!
Orlando calling tickets coming up shortly, be sure to tune in! - The Valet
is badly in need of sanctuary.
MG bro it gose so hard!
Kill her RT : Wearing my Blake griffin 'hope' shirt and some girl asks, "is that kris humphries?" I've never been so offended...
Wine & cough drops. Current state or a really good name for a band....
lololol love you too !!!! :)
Yeah! Tweet me when you're here.
Happy 37th birthday to the legend that is Ray Lewis.
this is precise manager redell drakeford,again please send me the instrumentals that you would like for precise to rock over.
Thanks big brother! And I did have chocolate cake for breakfast! Thanks 4 ur post on Facebook too! Love you!!
Ok seriously this chile lime sorbet is the most delicious thing I've ever tasted
My battery is running low. Glad Tulsa's energy is not.
thank you cheeseball. I miss you so much. :'(
RT you go girl. I'll be watching for your show. --> Thanks! Appreciate the support!
Ghetto guy or preppy guy?
ya. Ik this. I like ryan too just i hate if people hate on him or austin etc
This weekend's special is worth note! Try the Keys Sunrise! A delight of orange vodka, fresh OJ, cran & tastiness!
huhum am 18 if I may say! :-D
#NBA Do we really care about the Bucks and Hawks. The Hawks will roll in this game.
They said we would never make it ...27 years and counting Nancy and I are out to prove them wrong. Love that girl and her dog Belle too!
#thingsireallycantstand never tell a girl to calm down.
Jewish Community Relations Council holding annual NoVA Holocaust Observance. Never ever forget.
yeah, apparently i just started working there! :)
Ugh once again KEKE IS GETTING ON MY NERVES!! UGH HE SO ERKIN! SCREEN WATCHIN A**
oo la la..
Water! Such an amazing thing. Nothing more enjoyable than a long shower :)
#salute u workin doe
Weird to see pumping up Chris Paul one night, then jumping on the Rudy Gay bandwagon the next time out.
Illiterate Ass Females <<<<<
Monday, January 30, we are starting (2) 30-minute challenge classes...stay tuned for more details today!
Thank you and I was trying to point that out to you, but you're blinded by your stupidity.
Yes, 90's songs tonight!!
At least this gives you the chance to finally catch Santa!
Fire at Solomon-Jones Antiques. 52nd/College. 7 IFD units respond. Only injury seems to be me tripping over lawn furniture through backyard.
Forgot how much I hate riding the bus.
Hopefully seeing again this summer ;)
I want to give a shout out to my 3 new followers , and thankz
Wow! Episode 14 has been downloaded almost 400 times since it was released yesterday morning!
Id like to thank #SegramsGin cause im drankn it and they payin me for it
“: Tequila 1800” <--- it was so good haha
Lmfao send me this
Cyber Monday Sale! $399.00 dynamic website with FREE hosting and domain registration for 1 year.
El Pastor would like to thank everyone for the culturally rich weekend. Everyone will be updated on coming events momentarily...
Congrats dude
are ya guys having spaghetti after the voice? Is that why Kristina is wearing a colander for a hat!?
Fueling up then off to brave the crowds for holiday shopping
What happens on the road..stays on the road.. *giggles*
Energizer Bunny arrested, charged with battery.(:
Way too many people on twitter are "killin it" right now!!! That is so "epic"
I almost forgot why i hate Sundays
thanks kevin! I'm mailing JVC agency!
that's right! I guess we can start talking Bears now.
Ah, you invested in Small World?
Thanks for the RT!
"And now I cooooommmmeee to yooouuu with open arrrmms"...man, Journey was HITTING!
You lied! wasn't in a bra : (
Face was swollen last night <<<<<<<
not complaining!
we love future engineers. Help us dream bigger
We mark our territory and defend.
excuse me Savan. It's NIALL!
Up here watching The Help! #InterestingMovie ™
just watched your interview on Roland's website. Great keyboard set up. love it! Amazing job on the Ke$ha gig. :)
happy birthday:)
Going Cholo: The Extraordinary Rise and Surprising Appeal of Oversized Clothing
It must feel amazing to have promoting you guys so much. Maybe you'll tour together one day :)
Lol! I don't like Harry Potter... Lol! It scared me when I was like 4 and I haven't liked it since...lol!(:
My time is too valuable to be wasting it on you
#onlyintheghetto can u be older than ur uncle
When a song is so good it gives you the chills >
thanks for the love!!
oh shii u said the n word
Nov. 11, 12 & 13 - New Mexico. Plan to visit Santa Fe's 13th annual Recycle Santa Fe Art Festival located at El Museo Cultural de Santa Fe.
women in business mixer
Feels like an elephant if sitting on my chest...
I admit, I really miss how things used to be. But I can also admit, that I’ve accepted the fact that things changed.
You're my favorite song
haha I love the revolving doors!:)
we've had it for a while, just haven't been active.
Occupy wall street all over news on Oak and Sea. Someone needs to show them that equal wages don't come from protesting or vandalism.
that sucks I hope it's not really swine. Drink lots of fluids(?) idk feel better!
In other news, SO excited to see Facebook Executive Steve Biddle tomorrow at the Cincinnati AdClub's luncheon!
well guess what I'm marrying josh hutcherson. too bad I only came within 500 feet of him this weekend.
Too many Z's in the address, Bro - but your profile pic is awesome enough that I'll let it slide! =)
Why in the hell am i still awake.
I need to find something to do tonight !
Whos wants to hangout??? :)
Squeezing in another film over lunch - world premiere of 'Leave Me Like You Found Me'
How do you energize your body so that you can achieve your dreams and goals? Are you rested and hydrated and focused on healthy living?
Thank you for sharing my article!
bach! Tell her I said hey. And to check her phone in like 4 minutes.
On it!
It's going pretty good. You?
I miss Kosova :( ♥
I always will !❤
lol gotta keep the gods happy :P
No, I just love to ogle everything from Boozed & Infused from my keyboard. But I'm going to try them soon!
Did you know you can follow on twitter as well ?
Riding round n I'm getting it on my bike ..we out here
I agree, it's not much of a serious critique. But it's still a *little bit* of a critique
I can't help wanting to point out that housing everything "under one roof" means a single point of failure. [+]
People that don't encourage what you do... Smh
#mobilityshifts bob stein's new 'social book' will be completely browser based (a very good thing!)
i think we're multiple: even the online/offline selves are often blended as worlds enmesh. i interact w/ppl in both.
Well that was fun we went to Chick-fi-la the mall and Walmart and got kicked out of every place xD
keep it simple. complicated marketing messages dont help anyone
Life's a Dance, You Learn As You Go - #quote - John M. Montgomery
you should come check out tonight with Candlebox at
Which one? lol
Yeah, I would definitely but one if they weren't so expensive.
I've become such a freakin LADY! 😜
St. Louis ranks No. 1 on best cities for cheapskates list
Hey guys..I'm back.
Starving...time to eat!!
Bed early.
We had a really good time in Dc. You need to eat at Chinatown express in Chinatown. It's great!!
same to you buddy! Hope it was a fun event for you.
I been checkin u out! u good keep it up I like it
*MVPs #goodgrammar RT I want to congratulate wisconsin's mvp, the refs. (especially anthony jordan). Vandy had no answer for you
i wish you much success in 2012 and beyond! I enjoy your commentary. "WE" need your voice!
RT : Jeff Hughes of says the build to suit market is "still inefficient,"
please follow my friend who is also brand new to twitter:
So far the Hunger Games hasn't even MENTIONED pizza.
Books on human body, killer whales. Diagram of a plant cell for a 7th grade project.
My job is laying people off left and right
sad panda
I'm Soo bored does wanna talk!!
But you're here now, and I'm hiding your passport.
Oh the stuff that we should be accomplishing for the magazine....Yet we're not.
La la la la la LA la la la that's all I hear my teachers saying in class
oh man. Can't wait! Have to wait till it hits Hulu at midnight now.
My micro prof Thinks he is HILARIOUS
Good word!
You make me feel .. ♥
as an Oregon fan I have mad respect for you. As an NBA fan I have even more respect for you since you're a clippers fan.
I am determined to keep my New Years Resolution & I'm NOT touching the hot fudge sundaes!!!
I don't even know if that makes sense to anyone but it does to me..
a familiar thing from my years working @ SDSU Library - the FIRE ALARM is going off... evacuate the building. #EarlyLunch!
#waystomyheart there are no ways lol.
how's it coming?
Keep the throttle wide open on your dreams!!
Good morning!!!! Finishing the last of the new registrations. It is a good day. :)
Email us for special offers and getting started on your pick orders to win you some big money! is your answer!
sorry. That's as much as we know. Like that it's coy though.
Nice getting to hang with the Nana for a little bit today
I feel like one of the people in Left Behind that gets left behind. #whyamistillhere?!
Good luck Lobos. RT : it should be a really good game
repeat and wash!!!!
COOL - that will keep the Cops in DC busy as many from ADAPT were arrested in the Cannon Bldg.
follow me and direct message me your #
looking forward to your order- shampoo is sold out so body wash and 3 in 1 are available only
you.. jejemon -_- you should read it = FOREVER = 4ever
Anyone who thinks Hitchens was only good for polemics ought to read the tender, heartbreaking 1st chapter of HITCH-22, on his mother.
#AGuyShould never lie to a his girl cause eventually he will get caught for what he did!
okay time to go to this boring class :)
All Digs Go to Heaven 2
Dear Bitches, Im Glad Yhu Hate Me Keep Hating Yhu Just Making Yourself Weaker Weaker Everyday For Yourself I Appreciate Yhur Convos about me
i meant to say hurt you lmaoo this laptop is stupid
I like long walks on the beach & have 3GB of FREE cloud storage! What more do you need in a social search engine
: is the new Anna Quindlan in stock yet? Is the ' in? The new NF re: Grant? Random wants.
Who's got some great Holiday Recipes they want to share with everybody?
thanks for the follow back!
MN Governor signs bill to build $975 million #Viking Stadium; target opening 2016. (ESPN)
Stop searching for adult diapers and Tommy Dorsey songs!
Amazing what can be done with sheer will and a pot of coffee. and are beasts of
isn't it an election year for mayor in Duluth?
def worth it. Been before?
Oh. My. Gosh. Just saw the setlist for #WarpedTour!! And I'm #Psyched because it's in Florida when we are!!
Retweet if your a dancer, and no no no no, not just any dancer noticeably Talented Dancer :-)
Glad to hear and it could be better I guess.
With wife at a conference, looking to get some work done this morning before doing some #HabitatForHumanity work this afternoon.
follow me?♥
sorry, just saw this. you can make them private and charge to add people to the invite list.
I hate #sprint !!! ughh
lol!...it is kind of scary....you are supposed to be my voice of reason!!
Oh Honey, you're so smart! :)
#smx Who wants to go to a club tonight?
Take advantage of the unexpected to do the unexpected. Seize it, don't waste it.
I swore I got rid of you.
In no particular order... The 2012 most endangered historic places are... Libby Hill Park Overlook,
Can you DM and/or email me more about your StarRez API wrapper? I think I want to do the same thing.
I think I kind of like R!
oh, I'm SO stalking, I mean following him!
Vocal Lessons.
good! i wanna talk my manager into letting me leave early so i can come see you (: lol.
The best kind!
For about 5 years on and off now.
Mistake I made I thought I was real! I tried 2 take 2many to TOP with me & they just slowed me DOWN!
Sing along with us: "It's Friday, Friday, gotta get down....to Cup o' Joe on Friday!"
I want one, too. Let's cross fingers for each other.
Heyy! Hope you are having a wonderful day! :)
How r you, friend?
Who wants to come out and play after work so I don't watch sad movies...?
The difference between golf and government is that in golf you can't improve your lie. - George Deukmejian
let's talk more about your website, I like the combination of design and travel
Indeed, and he denied Harris his ton...
wow that's cool!
my goal this weekend: avoid metro at all costs. good luck sir
this week begins the wedding wave again, two in april, one in may and june!
Hahahah picking the pictures for shot book has proved quite humerous...
oh stop! You're making me jealous! I just hope the grocery is open when I leave my sisters...
we sure don't! Only one life:)
whhhyyyy thank you! Have a wonderful New Years :)
I am concerned that no 2012 tour dates have been announced for Bob Dylan. The Never Ending Tour must go on
Thanks a lot :)
I'm shaking in my pants! -Brad lowenstern
God is good! I'm well.
I LOVE when I get a surprise visit from Paul!!! :) aw :)
What you want me to be mean well then fuck you to, don't say I'm goofy ... you don't me lmfao
I LOVE YOUR TWITTER WALLPAPER. And, you were awesome at The Townhouse. New favorite person. That is all.
You think it's funny to be rude but it hurts my feelings
lol You actually work there too? I thought you were like Flo from the Progressive commercials. What time u open til?
Right?!? Hahaha (: i understand
RT : If you'd like to join as they expand then email join(at)indysm(dot)org
Stay Tuned! I will be making an announcement on Saturday!
Like, you know, whatever
I think the #drupal module, Fitvids is my new favorite, it scales videos elegantly for responsive design with virtually zero config.
I sure did barely survive !!
thank you!
Good luck!! Where are you interviewing?
Just left Where else can u go and see tommy ford and angie stone all at once?!
: You are truly a gift from God. I am blessed by the anointing you carry and share with us. May our Lord continue to bless you!
SAT Prep (fall session) starts 10/30. Give us a call at 503-894-8747 to register your student today! :)
I'll be back with a pic! I support this.
Twitter and are ruining my life. It's one o'clock and I have to get some work done...not laugh like a hyena.
An instagram picture would've been nice to accompany that tweet.
thanks...will ask you some DM questions regarding the access factor as I use a wheelchair. I'm cool adapting the movements
so what if this world just throws me off the edge, my feet run out of ground?
That's a paraphrase of von Braun -- "A vision without funding is only an hallucination."
Lil Bro Knocked that fat lol
Excited to be presenting this Sunday in Alexandria, VA at conference. Focusing on the power of honesty, humility,humor
oh thank god. I hate them
Lots of po po action tonight! Lights and emergency vehicles on Denny near I-5, now two SPD cars on Pike. What's up Seattle?!
Thank you Mario! Very helpful. I will follow up with a consultant at #MyFitFood #AWESOME! (Having yummy salmon for lunch!) ;)
Now time to watch Fight Club. (Again)
happy birthday — looking forward to raising a glass with you soon… (did you realize you have another birthday buddy in ?)
That seriously like made my day....I wanted to cry :')
Hey everyone we are back in Michigan this Saturday at the Tibbits Opera House in Coldwater!!! Show starts at 8:00 pm see you there!!
the same goes the other way also.
My in-laws have a crazy alarm system and we cannot leave our room without pushing buttons and hoping the alarm doesn't go off.
You don't have to run game to get what you want... Some people should really realize that..
on to the next!!! #clippernation will be Cheering you on!!
:) RT Happy birthday !! hope u have a nice day! :)
I never realized how much I loved weekends until summer ended...
do you have one of the following: #GDrive, #DropBox, or #Wuala? They'll enable u mount remote folders.
Mr Welch. Mr Barr passed on March 16, 2012 in an automobile accident on the Rte 20. Thought you'd like to know, sir.
No life. No friends. I have a tv. I'm okay with that. Except when there is nothing on. So I guess I'll sleep. It's 9:20. On a Friday.
aka Bryan Bartlett have fun!
My nigga took the ASVAB n finna be a soldier.. SALUTE
is desperate. Says his decision was long in coming? Then why didn't he say so at gop interview?
If you don't already know the answer, then I cannot give it to you.
Hey fans we are interviewing today! Send us any questions you might have for them :)
DON'T TURN OUT THE LIGHTS! great song <3
white guy huh?
U2 concert tickets for Foxborough, Tampa, Vancouver, Landover, Atlanta, East Rutherford, Pasadena, Chicago go on sale tomorrow.
it is a shame, any compliment to a girl is taken as "thirst" these days...I didn't realize there was something wrong with being nice
The lawyers have returned from a lengthy back room conference with Judge Mark Wolf. #DiMasi trial set to resume.
No one does anything from a single motive | Samuel Taylor Coleridge
School finance debate starts. Rep. Lois Court notes school funding "still in a deep hole."
if all of these marriage bill meetings and speeches don't start off with "mawwage, is what bwings us togever today" then i don't even know
Officially ordered my very own set of and the first expansion! It only cost me $35 and the remainder of my soul.
My wife suggests taking a shot every time one of these idiots says "blessed", "Jesus", or "The Lord".
That's my favorite episode! So perfect in every way.. I need to go watch it NOw!
Palme d'Or for Malick and Grand Prix for the Dardennes! What a great year for Cannes! I'm content.
Thank you Lori! You are so kind. Wishing you a wonderful, blessed week!
I passed my test.. Thank you God :)
Keep your eyes on the prize, Mermaid.
Currently picking my tongue up from the floor. Smfh
These #oscars are so f*cking boring......
bachelorette premier may 14th! Oh and happy Easter :)
Striking Distance with sexy hot Bruce Willis was the #1 movie this day in 1993.
You have no idea how annoying you are. I'm def going to punch you in the face next time.
Doing laundry !!!! I know its not funny !
it almost always is - examples are countless!
kI have 3 parakeets & 1 lovebird. When they hear the outside birds in the am they go crazy, as early as 4am :s
streaming Lauryn Hill live @ Coachella...wow!!!
I thought she could actually cook :-(
so I'm wondering when is my next movie debut?!? Lol
jeeze why do i keep you around.
My parents are so
Sell or Hold my Gausman orange at 100.00?
so its my biRthdAyz todae..so far great, well cuz i'm alive..Lol but cant wait going to see a show laterr on ^_^
One burb. Drivers seem to hate and ignore bikers. May be a commuting thing, too.
Thats My Place Sweetheart, Some Where You'll Never Belong!
Beautiful day for a drive to sd to visit the fam.
Very soon tho (:
I hate the feeling of passing through the censors when I've stollen alot of shit.
thanks, that's what I thought
Let it be known that if i win, i'll finance your brewery and I will build a bridge paved with hops to connect boulder to indy.
Is teaching myself more basic html coding!
Wow, 3 of the authors who influenced my childhood most! RT Born today Louisa May Alcott , Madeleine L'Engle, C.S Lewis !
longest was 7 yeards... good luck
1/3 of residential home owners are in default and 78% of them do not seek help prior to foreclosure. Do not bury your head-there are options
Who's your favorite celeb this year?
wow that looks exciting!
Veto the #NDAA! We're counting on you!!!
In London? I'm speaking at Infosecurity Europe at 4p.
Shaken and stirred. When Netflex didn't rally with the market last week there was only one direction this old high flyer could go.
RT If you start to sense a 'human' tone to a company, you start to like that company --> at
Agreed. Me to: getting old, switching seats!, and class skippers. I really hate the students who change their clothes or hair! :)
Congrats to - you've won a free signed ticket, flyer, and flyer!! A rep will DM you :)
The day after watching #avengers, all I keep thinking is #hulksmash!!! 'Twas awesome in 3D!! Can't wait to see it again! #cool!
Yup. We were wrong. Bulls would have looked same with Rose. our expectations were high - which is why this all sucks so much.
Excited that the Mike Shannon's Groupon is flying, check it out www.groupon.com/stlouis
Thanks so much.
We are looking forward to having you visit! Is it for A special occasion?
The more time I spend with you, the more I realize I don't want to be without you
We found love in a hopeless place.
RT “: DAMMIT I hate when I have a decent tweet and misspell somthing”
Harnish? Is that is name? I mean I like the kid. He's mobile and has a arm but I feel like Keenum would have been a bett ...
hey fuck you
. wrote a fantastic piece on Rookie RT All Locked Up: A personal hair-story.
Watching Mission Impossible with the fam.
Nothing's ever as bad as it seems. All bout perspective and attitude.
very excited about this coming week closing some big sponsorship deal for my fight promotions
The 6 police vehicles involved in a traffic stop on my street are having a worse friday than me.
idk lol if i changed the way i write it people might not like it xD But i'll try that for my next story:D
Andrew.. sweet Andrew.. will you please.. sugar on top.. marry me.... by Margaret (Sandra Bullock) -The Proposal (movie)
how are you liking the new twitter interface...?
thank you!! Love you so much Nikki<3
Thanks very much! Looking good!
With just over 5 weeks remaining until our 2012 Climb on March 24th, we have raised $39,923, 30% of our goal of $135,000.
glgl ship it
Minimum wage has scared them away.
fire spitting w
thanks! Good to be back!
And most of us single.... Its really going down...
u should be a vampire for holloween!
What did the elephant say to the naked man? How do you breathe through that thing?
Enjoy it while you can. This summer is getting crazier by the second.
Religious liberties. (Dis)Establishment. Exemptions. Constitutional law. This is the stuff life is made of!
#CelebrityApprentice - Trump listened 2 that dude. Aubrey was one of the smartest contestants..a person may not like her, but she is smart
i love my parents
"Two can keep a secret, if one of them is dead." Just started watching Pretty Little Liars for the first time.
is gonna kill me tomorrow. So I'll sing a melody and hope to god she's listening, sleeping softly while I sing. #MaydayParade <3
PLAYOFFS BABE!!!!!!!
Merry Christmas to all our fans! We hope you all have a wonderful time with your loved ones!
will do...hope to film tomorrow in the rain! Haha
Audio Addiktion is looking for one band to fill a spot for our show at Bunkhouse Saloon on December 9th! Please contact us if interested!!
o-oh i want some mo-ore, o-oh, what are you waiting for??
Heading north to Santa Fe and Los Conchas #NMfire; EPA/DOE radiation air monitoring crews flew to NM Mon p.m., after fire hit #LANL property
My mother is trying to save $400 to upgrade her upcoming flight to first class. I'm trying to save $400 to fly at all.
#5factsaboutme I'm 19 yrs old
Too much pessimism from White Sox tweeps tonight. Nobody like a moper. Let's Go, Sox!
What I would give to meet Tim Robbins
wat up fool
Hugging and holding hands is enough for me(: just your presence makes me happy.
I swear someone is watching me right now
HEADLESS GUNS featuring members of GROOVESECT and Casey Robinson at MCNULTY'S BITTER END 5pm tonight!! NO COVER!
has not been the same w/out ya!
Two exciting games today #FIN v #CAN (Grp H) and #RUS v #SWE (both undefeated in Grp S)
Yo my phone screen has pollen on it.
it comes out to 48 because of the damn shipping... what size shirt you want?
Man come on miami!
Did you know that we can fully manage your PC's for FREE? doubters BEWARE, believers step forward and save money 512 354-1507
follow me? i love you so much!
Oh, hello there, artistic rock bottom!
#schoolmemories pump up the ham ! ;)
Chasing them is probably what's making her skinny.
We're glad to have you on the team! :-)
what about it?
is curious about why Denver Public Schools thinks that a bus stop used by 2 kids is “unused.”
Miami heat baby!!:) Jo-nathan
Excited to see you guys for the first time in Milwaukee tomorrow. Will be a great way to forget my college finals!
Does anyone have McNamee's cell?
what and awesome Saturday full of beautiful cakes for out customers!! Yaayy Enjoy everyone!!!!
Hockey teams fire coaches as often as fans of other sports wish their teams would fire guys.
I wanna watch the Amanda Show.
Snow in October...really? Ugh! Watching the Celtics and Patriots!
Didn't know was still in the news :P
What are your favorite hot air balloons this year?
Thanks for the Follow! We couldn't follow ur last link to the city resolution for support of local artists. Post it again?
Had an 11-hand run at the #blackjack tables. The end-of-the-month heroics rear their head again as I make
Selling a car via Craigslist. Kill me now.
I love you more! How are we in the same town and haven't seen each other?!
I've never been more excited for any Weekend Show....ever.
Playing at 7-9pm tonight! My first show of the year. It's good to be back.
You're very welcome.
true. I was there yesterday, Blackmon is going to be a beast.
salty millionaire?
Hey , our singer quit the band. Would you be interested in joining? I know your busy but thought we would ask.
No way!!! RT : In the original version of Little Red Riding Hood, Little Red Riding Hood and the Wolf eat grandma together.
Who finished their taxes this weekend?? #IDid ;-)
If that is the case I'll have plenty of time to show you over break while the campus is abandoned.
A boy has never wept..nor dashed a thousand kim..
No worries // Thanks for the great content ... I hope you're having a good Thursday!
just replaced my 2007 Prius with a 2012 Prius V. I'm a very loyal Prius owner.
Good morning ! Remember to check in on Anxiously waiting to see if anyone can steal the mayorship from
It is too bad that all of us are controlled by money. We can't do much or anything without having any money.
#RT if you have goals and morals
Amazing job by Chelsea RT "If you had money down on a Messi PK miss-Fernando Torres goal...congratulations. You now own Qatar"
Learning twitter.
Feels like a saturday.
You mean "get a job?" RT : If u have no job and u need money help someone else make money.
Great interview w/ the July/Aug L Friend. What an amazing ally! She is a shining star in
okay I will
writing a paper :(
I love it! Saw it last night. It spoke to me on so many levels. Dilation complete! Time 2 PUSH! Thank God for U
You said it. I feel the same way about things like TwitLonger. If it's over 140, get a blog.
lol..both!!...he's acting like a little kid fighting the sleep..
Today is the anniversary of the birth of I think we can all agree this was a momentous occasion in all our lives Happy Anniversary
i don't have dimples! or snake bites!
don't owe nuthin 2 no bodies
Donated bottled water, canned food, sanitary napkins, medicines to help people experience flooding. In many sectors In Thailand.
RT : We've isolated the Rio Grande outage down to 1360 cust w/out power. Crews working to repair downed line near Luke/Rio Grande.
About to begin July collection period, will announce this month's charity soon. Stay tuned and be ready to send them your $1 donation!
ones, not zeroes (and world peace)
I think even the honey badger cares more than Chen does!
wait, Chris Evans is the Human Torch & Captain America...?
Your first mistake was leaving me... your second mistake was giving me the chance to realize I could live without you
I thought you were tall!!!
We're gonna hear the new STP in the Music meeting today
Beyond Angry for their horrible services this morning. Just awful how they screw loyal customers.
Ronnie Brewer has really found his niche in Denver
Eww! Don't tweet me.
Like my liver not last too much longer lol
Good Morning! 2 Doctor appointments in San Angelo today! Then more grocery Shopping! :) Getting all my cooking done early for Xmas!!!
The story of us looks alot like a tragedy now :/
RT : RT Finish this sentence: "I am proud to be a #JewishWoman because..." I come from great stuff!
Bard still has no-hitter intact at end of 1st. Most excitement came when birds fought above our seats.
and, now it's stuck in mine, too. :)
Happy April 1st Tweeps! I knowI am not following any Fools! Have a wonderful day. Going to get my #church on!
Dont only Girls get hurt..:/
iT NEVER FAiLS...⚠
i couldn't agree more, lol
It's hard to love someone one loves the other... :(
I didn't think state funds could be used on a team if they had never won a title? I could have sworn that was in the state constitution.
I'm lame. I'm out 4 2nite. Turns out being up 20 hours makes u feel haggard! lol. Have fun!
RT 30 days to save the bridge. Commissioners , Crist asking to delay contract for demolishing Friendship Trail
#ReasonsWeDontTalkAnymore is because you choose D*CK over our long friendship ...!! So, why f*ck with you AGAIN..??!! #NotThisTime HOMIE
Goodnight twitter!! Goin to bed...see yall in the morn!! :-)
new favorite name! “: Just saw the van. Great team name! #RagnarFLK”
Hey Ya'll! I'll be in LA next week for the !!! Let me know what else is going on in LA! -BA
toe Orlov Academy is located a block from Green lake
“ “ My hormones be outta fuckin control smh””
Ah. Actual information.
bonjour , do you have. a contact email?
my teeth hurt so bad :(
I believe we will squeak out King.
''I call Myself a mahomie, I hate on other mahomies and bully ppl online. I talk crap & Hate on others b4 I know them''. -Fake Mahomies.
SHUT UP THEY JUST WON HOLLLLLAAAAAA
Enjoying Mark Lowe's Understanding Court Records, its a hands on workshop. We are working!
Ron Paul just advocated to eliminate the income tax (16th amendment) followed it up by challenging others to a bike race.
I likes th square one best, personally
How much time did you spend playing with your #dog or #cat this weekend?
interesting pov... Thanks... So much to unpack with Tebow football, religion, and media...
It's just one of those days... Sigh
New book-- It's Even Worse Than It Looks-- by Thomas Mann/Norm Ornstein-- offers invaluable insights. Read it!
What cool stream, I just saved that tweet about brain surgery to my SawBoard!
Cudiff now kyle Williams. These have been two games ruined by two players
Quote: "Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage." Anais Nin
oh snap
the slow blue fox waslked over the boring dog.
Searching the LCNAF and tickled to find authority heading for "Lincoln, Abraham, 1809-1865 (Spirit)"
“: She's a California dime but it's time for me to quit her ;)” really?
Lol that is true. 1-10. What a joke. But he missed the draft.
Apparently not all guys have balls anymore
Thanks Bob, I appreciate it!
finally going home
and so is ya bitch!
Ready for some MNF! GO BEARS!!!!
Thanks for the follow! Jason is awesome!
well like we said #MAHOMIES are the bestt<3
I'm sorry hun 😞
Movie w/captions... Great
I was singing to Alicia Keys NYC song and drunk blonde Texas chic turned to me and said, "We don't give a fuck about New York!"
or perhaps you need get yourself back down to DC on the weekends.
Finding a medical uniforms store close to my house may be the single most productive thing I do all week.
love it. I vote #Fridayonafriday replaces
fucken double hot
Dosha Salon Spa in Portland Oregon would LOVE to do make up and hair for Grimm in Portland Oregon! We LOVE YOUR SHOW!
Just wrapped up my first MFA class, Literary Editing and Publishing. I'm actually sad to see the semester end.
I hate how style that woulda been called "gay" two years ago suddenly becomes cool just cause someone famous wears it....
Mark Ruffalo, in an apron at Frieze New York: "Have a sausage and stop hydro-fracking! I'm here to feed the 1%!"
RT A8e Nothing worse then a biz with terrific website yet led 2 FB & tabs that go nowhere
You should so follow ! Trust me, you won't regret it!
another interview. you know how hustlin' is.
Thxs Michelle, and so do you Luv! If you think it's good here just wait & see how good it is if we meet in real life! Xoxo
Next thing you know, this fandom will have found the boys' ultrasound photos.
~~Stage freight Strategies Part 5~~ 9.Practice. Especially practice bits so you can spit out a few minutes of your program.
i dont go back for another week and a halff, youu aare ? aha thats how i feel after summer break.
You know, I actually would understand why allot of people watch My Little Pony.
Definitely losing my phone tonight
I love it! The drive from Malibu to Santa Monica is one of the best views in America.
More #FF shout-outs...
I'm done eating
followback Is an Hot account related to Porn :*
is jealous of my celebrity retweets.... and he hasn't been to a party with 15+ people.
Date gone wrong? Leave that bitch at
i really shouldnt be thinking about this right now.
awe! *hugs you back* :} I love hugs :D
Amazing day with the greatest guy I know. Thankful to be in SF with him for the night 💗🍸
I jut paid four dollars to get into a middle school track meet. OMG these cheap people lol
Hey Boulder peeps… any suggestions for hikes/walks today that don't need snow shoes or won't be a mud bath?
2 1/2 years.. I`m moving before then. I cant deal with all their stuff anymore I juss wanna scream.
Tony is making baby Skylar noises this morning. Hehe.
Thanks! Yeah, we aim to update the blog every day but we get busy with client projects. :)
Food baby
Where is everybody? Is everybody studying like I am or has everyone disappeared?
#shitfangirlssay he signed your shoes? He signed my face.
Triple axels and shit. Ice skating with
Just drank 3 heinekens in 10 minutes and I'm not drunk. I'm getting old
what are we gonna do?
People yelling in the morning >>>
They wanna go fishing&use me as the pole...am i that little? Lmfao :P
don't get a hairrrcuuttt!!! Worst mistake EVER! :p
Katherine Boo was a "reliably ridiculous spectacle" to the slum-dwellers she chronicled, with "concerns more pressing than my presence."
#Utah what is going on tonight?
Ok the broadcast portion of this day is over. I have a book to read and French Tech Tour training at the crack of dawn. Nite kids
Just because I have a smile on my face doesn't mean life is easy. I have a smile on my face because I know Jesus Christ watches over me!
They will be at will call. Enjoy the show and snap as many photos and tweets as you want during. Thanks!
"Why do you call it the Tear Drop™???" "Because I'll be dropping bombs till you cry"
RT "All of the above" energy policy is good for America and her future generations.
fun! thanks for sharing :)
D aka E, thank you so much for mentioning me. I GREATLY appreciate it. Bless your kind heart.
I love the slippers and handbags thanks!!!
If your parents like your work, your work is getting bad.
Dairy queen :)
- The underlining bill erases all the gains we've made from
I learned about recently, like what they've been doing. No official affiliation, not yet! cc
the most irrelevant but richest porn star ever
#prproblems RT : Booking flights, drafting press releases, sending emails. Typical
hey when are this yeas Texas Social Media awards?
Not troubled enough to contemplate boycotting football, but I am troubled a bit by not being troubled enough, so I guess that's something.
Back to the daily grind
Jantzen Beach is a serious misnomer
Been busy, I guess.
I want to win
Twin humans on their way to free speech! Unarmed! Get em, zombies!
because you miss Sprout and because Sprout misses you too ;)
Did her anyways...
RT : You can eat gluten-free, organic food without telling everyone at your table.
Having to sit by a weird chick because I haven't bought a book yet<<<< need that book
glad you enjoyed it!
#YBL how did Loren and the jewlery line get to be so AWESOME? Your doing great!! We are proud of you.. -- Rob Jenkins
bloody hell its late, sleep time :D.
Hi! Are you interested in a meal replacement shake that will curb your hunger? My friend lost 30#s in 90 days!
Could she get any better? ... I hope people realize that there is a brain underneath the hair and a heart underneath the boobs
Went out last night with my girls n ended up late for work this morning. Smh
Blood Drive is in progress..no waiting! Come on down and give the gift of life. The Red Cross is here until 5:30 in the Centennial Commons.
Hill on the lline
haha omg that is so true
WSJ is reporting that Facebook is planning to file for its IPO sometime next week.
Why am I watching Top Gun? Just why
the Triad area, High Point/Greensboro area. So green and outdoorsy up there, love it!
#MyPastRelationships are the reason why I actually wait a while till I go out w. somebody, my dumb ass is scared of getting hurt. x:
yep, it's the same!
So awesome that the LA KINGS are advancing. Maybe we'll even end up in the Final against the Flyers!
Thanks! Happy to survive. lol
let me see them (Rangers) win in postseason before calling them team to beat in AL. They have never won a postseason series
Well sdsu football took a blow
lol everyone makes it out to seem that way. I'd rather go alone if I don't have a bf loll
true. but at the same time, we could be learning with them. Respect goes along way. (a topic i'm researching for my thesis)
it's ok just do 2,050th tweet :)
B open for lunch and if you're out this evening at the Monument Puffs&Pastries will be there!
now following
These Ellen/JCP commercials are fantastic
I want to be your it girl <3
Mike ’s Early View of the News May 12, 2012 Julie Andrews ’ Brentwood house isn ’t going for a song The home Andrews owned with her
Super Moon on Saturday🌙
me too I just wish I could watch it!
It changes everything! RT ... I'll be interested to see how "new" media (FB/Tw/G+, etc) fits in to your strategy.
Oh my....just watched Josh Hamilton hammer another one. Four home runs in one night. Bravo, sir
speaking of 1968...in that yr right where we talked I saw Jimi Hendrix at the Mpls Auditorium!
is the only mf I'm in thee mood to talk to rii now .
I still have weekend spots available for you to book for your fall family photos. Sunday and Monday spots only.
Watched this weeks "live" 30 rock last night - I liked that they did a west coast live version too rather than the regular
Yeah! When's it comin out?
Now Count On Me is stuck in my head
The more I read about Portia derossi and Ellen the more I feel like I want to be their "third".
Director of Global Journalism at just gave all the #MedillAdmits his home phone number. Most welcoming school ever.
lol you kissing at me in all your pix
👏👏👏 woohoo that's what I'm talking about!
I over slept and miss my hair appt. *sad face*
It is weird seeing say 'good afternoon' when for me it is 1:07 a.m.... Oh and Hello Liam :D
Some time I wanna give up because it hard not knowing
Still I Rise! ~Maya Angelou
You can ignore reality, but you cannot ignore the CONSEQUENCES of ignoring reality.
RT: So my sister showed up right when her soccer game was about to start and she is still in the starting line up
My god. If you thought the human food industry was fucked up, start Googling where your dogs food and treats come from...
Hello my love!! How art thou?
Todd from Philadelphia says Boy its packed in here...
#RI RT : Every1 knows Jersey has better pizza. RT : I think u guys need 2 bet Pizza.
Love when a 43 minute flight turns into a 4 hour plus bus ride. Now with driving from DEN to ASE. Wow!
wake up man
Don't judge someone without actually knowing them
Things end but memories last forever
t(-____-t)
Noddin my head like yeah, movin my hips like yeah.. #PartyInTheUSA lmao
RT Jealousy = LOVE + HATE At The Same Time....
Lmao chill RT : People are so shady. (sigh)
Sounds like SoCal but it's raining here today! AKA everyone is panicking and laying low.
um, I used one of those yesterday and literally screamed "DON'T S*%T ON HIS HEAD!" the other people at park were impressed
My mom just made ice cream strawberries and cool whip and didnt leave any for me -_- thanks mom
You should really follow your best friend's swag bro.
Jay finally got it through my head not to run my mouth, so when you talk bout “you know who” I don’t know who you talkin’ bout
just notice that you are a jerk !!
If u can
thanks for the help/shout out! What a nice compliment! :D
My dotter won third place in a local poetry competition last night--hard to say how thrilled she is. Good encouragement. Thanks, JCPL!
Great idea! Part of that #FAchat could be about transitioning student employees to financial aid advisor roles.
you earned American badge with over the edge?... Isnt that an import?
The Region 7 APS panel is now reviewing app# 120025 Southeast Neighborhood Development Inc.
Is this at the SDMA? Will there be audio or video available?
on what?
Oh yeah totally. More fast-passed. If I had the money I'd live up here.
Transit policy, sometimes.
yes i do wish to marry you(: Lol...na i accept you as a friend<3
Thanks, Diandra. ABC, Baby Me looks adorable, and I don't have it yet! :)
My dog just took a foot long dump. Have a nice day!
Off to vote. Have you made your voice heard yet? (And I'm not talking about that song you sang in the shower this morning!)
Way to go RVP. Wonderful move. Great goal.
Knee deep in Wellies on a daily basis and now talking with a brogue. (what too much rains gets ya)
I always wanted to be somebody, but now I realize I should have been more specific. ~ Lily Tomlin
Jon Kopp - utilize digital storytelling to facilitate learning and organizational change
Nees a tactful way to snap photos of friends' #BadArt for my collection. House party had potential: lumpy women climbing & disfigured horses
morning mike. Hope you have a good today :)
What a fabulous forecast for Milwaukee Wisconsin! Warm weather is here … at least for a few days ;)
$140 of equipment and three weeks of anticipation later
Big weekend in the Big Easy!
So sad for her friends, family and the music community may she rest in peace.
did you see Al Horford do the joe kwitek lay up???
I’ve cooked bacon. I’ve eaten bacon. Bacon is a friend of mine. Turkey bacon, you’re no bacon.
Put it in and hit her with the
"La voz de la mujer", the anarchist-feminist newspaper published in Buenos Aires in 1896, has arrived!
Happy birthday to !!!!
` Ugh tired of skoo, ready to be a senior so i cn be out this btch!
awww thanks so much!! it was so nice meeting you!! :)
y'know just doing our part to stop the rolling blackouts
Sweet, there is a Chase 2 blocks from my house! Thx for the advice. How are thing in WA? Doing some jet setting as of late?
...& we declare our love for all things Kelly. RT I would like to take this moment to declare my love for all things
Its that time of year TV fans & time my favorite #TCA coverage by
I Need 10 People Follow She Follows Back #teamfollowback & You Get A Promo To her 84k Just REPLY " DONE" When Finished" x1
yaayy! I'm glad you like it! :)
please follow me😍
where's my coffee at I live down the road lol
Nobody wanna see us together but it don't matter noo.
We are all born ignorant, but some people work real hard to remain stupid.
thank you! :)
At the pool wit my niece bri n my son skyi they a trip they sucker me everytime lol they re so cute cant say no
okay I did NOT give them permission to do that! -J
nice, I've been looking too because they refuse to issue me my librarian card until I get a pair
So awfull. All day long. RT : how on earth do u handle jon fitchs pants and singing voice, my pooch would kill me!
: i totally agree about proportion, but i find that twitter trains my judgement so that i'm more discriminating overall.
Are we not following you and you think we should be? Tell us why!
4) Since no one is ever around to help, don't drop a TV stand on your pinky toe. 5) Number 4 sucks.
I remember when i was younger I had the biggest crush on Tony Parker.. now I see why ;)
Barbara Robertson, currently in "Camino Real" at , will be joining us as our guide for "All About the Women". We can't wait!
is quickly becoming Baltimore's fav place for house, techno, Bass, Moombahton, disco, funk, & club music.
Shoutout to for following !(:
Fine, Wolfgang at Webster with and Steph.
is who I roll with consistently. YETH!
Thank you so much! :) You're so sweet as well!! Love ya too baby girl!!<3
Good morning #thatcamposu! Looking forward to discussing OSU-based Digital Archive of Literacy Narratives as teaching/research resource!
- sounds cool. when?
Film History has just been re-written! Apparently the boss never saw Ambersons.
Get over your fears and doubts and make the impossible possible this week.
; There Are 7 Of Us & 8 Of Them , So It's Not Gonna Work Out : )
I linked the image so that when you update my tweet would always refer to the correct comic - most of my followers are...
Your nice xP (sarcasm)
Haha same here. Made for a great Sunday.
Day 17 in Kenya for Get Together Girls The Documentary!
So pumped to be 's date to Manson!
This book is so boring
Watson Twins are at the Beachland Tavern tonight. But I'm too sick!
reveling in peace and quiet at home. good day, precious daughter is off w/ her dad visiting grampa.
Contact Vince Cavale at 602-438-1001 for more information on sale items or email
Use 8-10 "Signature Leadership Qualifications" to highlight keywords/client specialties.
Sounds like you had a great time! RT : Counting my bruises from recent surf safari. Far fewer than fantastic moments.
“: Walter managed to escape from his box... I don't think he likes me #Sadface” hahah! 
Has anyone ever told you are beautiful?
Today is the day: hear Arneis in San Francisco! Beethoven, Kurtag, Britten. 7:00 pm at St. Cyprian's.
I will be consolidating my Twitter accounts soon. Please follow me on my main account ZTAMS.
Focus is waning fast...
Your Choo gimp is down for the count again. You should pay someone to slap you if you ever draft him again. :)
And finally, 's Trevor Corlett's moves in the semis!
I was out with the flu. sorry. hope you had fun. good luck in TX
his little legs are really moving. This race makes me nervous though. I hope everyone ends up ok.
oh get it gurl
Here comes the crash from all that caffeine
so you need a new hair color
Maybe when I finally become a yuppie I can hire someone to do that for me. (⌒-⌒; )
GOING H.A.M AT THE CLUB? COME EAT AT HUSTLIN' STEAKS 4617 LANCASTER AVE WEST PHILLY OPEN TILL 4AM FRIDAY AND SATURDAY west philly stand up
Wonderful, thank you for the article.
The best conversations happen at night
I hate flipping gnats¡
I'm guessing my ex got a tattoo of Cassius so he could see his face everyday without actually parenting at all.
I have horrible service at work.
RT: "Trust thyself: every heart vibrates to that iron string." ~Ralph Waldo Emerson
hey what's up Shane are you in ft Lauderdale now
Hope everyone had a great Labor Day - now back to work! Chop chop!
dumb bitch
It's not TV; It's MSNBC!
no ur not..
get yo' calendar out --we must have a date by the end of march!!!
If you had a moment in time you could re-live, What would it be. I would like to use the answers in an article, but no names.
Relaxing my mind
yes lol i finally got one #canyoubelieve that :)
yeah there are. It's not so much the arrogance that bothers me as it is the dirty play
na you aren't the only female on my tl with grand illusions lol
I know this might sound weird, but drink a ton of really cold water. That usually gets rid of my sugar cravings.
Anyone can make you smile. Many people can make you cry. But it takes someone really special to make you smile with tears in your eyes.
Blah Blah Blah! You have NO proof! Lol...What you doin tonight?
Have I mentioned I absolutely positively HATE algebra?
Calling all scientists! We need volunteers on NLN. Join today at nationallabnetwork.org/signup
Four bombs would put Braun in the same mention as Hard hittin Mark Whiten
Lyubov & Vladimir Fedun....Happy Second Anniversary as a Jan-Pro Sacramento Franchisee! We value our partnership!
Great being connected. If you follow me then we can connect more easily.
watching the nfl draft with as he sulks about the broncos not picking in the first round.
We're excited for this year's 1st Taste of #RedMarlin where guests get a sneak peek of Chef Danny's newest creations!
Is nothing happening before 3PM tomorrow?
move there!
just joined up at the YMCA homie, its BULK season!
Celebrate #PiDay with some of our delicious Pear Cobbler cupcakes! Yum!!
Great talking to you about social and revenue!
$82 to add pages to my passport? Love knowing that I have to add pages, though.
Have you been pregnant before?! LOL!! RT aren't you supposed to dip the pickles in your ice cream?
hi everyone
Has to finish 100 more pages of my book before the night ends...just going to keep reminding myself there's only a week left.
Apparently everybody had a good weekend.
Sitting back smelling the good aromas of home cookin and listening to some old school jams !yeah buddy!
The PURE Project from Brooks is good! I'm running in PureFlow now - great light shoes for experienced runners. Check all four!
Official count: 48 attended. I think that's something to be proud of. :) That's 48 times at least 25 young minds!
Aren't you solo?
So many fail because they don't get started; they don't go. They don't overcome inertia. They don't begin. -W. Clement Stone
OMG Girl I Love You So Much !
Yea man. I wonder what was on his mind
thank you for the follow!
Happy Easter Blunt.. (:
I was so good at dinner last night!
you should follow me today pleasee(;
I can never decide if it makes me happy or upset when great musicians become mainstream. Current conundrum: Gotye.
didn't Conan pull off jeggings? Maybe they're ironic pants.
Time is a wheel in constant motion always rolling us along.Tell me who wants to look back on their years &wonder where those years have gone
Beware of Rashin Henderson Lansing Illinois pervert loser !!! Block him on Facebook.
Today's goal: Introduce yourself to someone new (with genuine interest). Find out something about them in return.
I wanna add to the collection lmao sike naw
I Hate Sitting Up Under The Dryer..Lol My Neck Hot As Hell !
huh? Oh nothing 👼
How the hell spongebob can't swim when he lives in a pineapple under the sea?
Mitt Romney would not govern as a moderate. He would do exactly what Walker is done.
On the way to city with #come on you blues!
Gonna get some #lykkeLi at Wellmont Theater
Any parents out there with kids at Woodburn high pls call kgw's assignment desk. 503-226-5111
It is the training tool - hang tight - I've been on the phone with them last night and for nearly 2 hours this morning.
#HocusPocus is my shit!!! I love Halloween(:
This has been a difference that was in place long before 2012 DC The snark factor existed long before Fed as bad teammate meme
When do you plan to release your next book? We could help with distribution or promotion on Read Print.
that's crazy.
I'm pretty sure Matt Bush failed that test.
haha we were just over that way!
More importantly, was the law firm communication sent as spam? Did you opt in?
things Im pissed about...the list seems endless. #Amiright?
One hour til Wendy's opens
my blog=flawless lol
Special thanks to the drivers in the #DFW #metroplex today for my rain-soaked commuting adventure through this morning's thunderstorms.
I love how everyone in LA is getting their tattoos removed. It's more painful to remove it, just don't get any @ all & have fun w/ a sharpee
Ill watch sportscenter all night babbyyyy
lol, the girl was only 16 too. I was shittyy.. But I get it fixed next week.
Basically last in line to meet Outasight....
If you could describe me in 10 words, what would they be?
hi water miss u text me sometime 5038391250 love u 1fan
It's amazing how some people spend a lifetime chasing pavement.
All i want for my bday is.... for to RT this or follow mee(: its on wednesdayy(:
I'm glad I just walked out of the bathroom with my skirt tucked into my tights. That's hot.
I'm not hanging with u next week now
me too! Cept there more kinda just really prints vs cool retro cuts. Blackmilk.com
Wow, I feel so flattered. AND both followed me on Pinterest. Pressure's on to deliver!
Anyone who says they love spring has never suffered from allergies
I just saw videos of and a can on a date and I realized ill never meet him :'(
Life isn't easy..
Thank you for your support!
You want to save the country? Kill all the teenagers.
bummer man.. used to be my fav brunch spot ~2004-07 but they kind of fell off. Been lookin for my sure fire Sunday spot ever since.
needed some help flyering , came through with two very helpful people!
MT : #PdPlus tlking abt how & team are very engaged with audience & world. It's a 2 way convo.
It is, I recommend it. It's a short, fast read, too. Less than 50 pages but dense with IDEAS.
Freedom is not worth having if it does not include the freedom to make mistakes. - Mahatma Gandhi
my point is, why wouldnt a woman get with a man that doesn't need to act like an alpha male to get what he needs?
Might as well face it, you're addicted to love.
It feels like 30 degree outside.
WooHoo! That's great news.
your done with your first year of college?
It's going to be #hothothot in Buffalo today so stop in for some iced coffee!
Ha ha. Title is misleading...in that way. RT : Sounds like the best geriatric sex romp of the new year.
Great job to all the runners in the #CbusMarathonTMT!!!!
DUDE! I'm out back reeling under the effects of drink. Come say hello.
Going swimming with camille & vanessa(:
yea, just hate poland
Holy hot Jesus pants, this is terrible.
Be very careful, a friendship that has lasted for years can be completely changed in an instant & never be the same again.
Thank You!
yeah! and they say the weirdest shit.
Kudos to Christine Moore of ATT for the $4,500 grant to the #ChulaVista police Explorers! It's a great program; the money will be well-used.
I can't handle another season of Gerald Laird in my life.
i actually asked soony on twitter few weeks ago abt that. He said his dad is lebanese citizeb so..
Sounds like an interesting company! Feel free to email us at about sponsorship ideas?
#ThingsHoodratsLove: Patting Their Scalp As Hard As They Can With One Finger!
Beauty is the sole ambition, the exclusive goal of Taste
Night o:)
Bid your way to your dream surgery with the online #auction coming to Lexington Plastic Surgeons
In case you missed it on our Facebook page, we announced our debut album, "Same Weapons, New War" coming soon! Stay tuned for details!
I think its going to storm soon!
I have a family function Friday night. One day we will meet up.
We already know what happens when you let religion run a country. Theocracy is not something to which a free people should aspire.
Thanks! Good luck on your piece.
Are you giving the red wings props?!?
at 16th st building ripping apart a pair of pants while waiting for class to start. Lang kids look baffled....
so happy for you Tiff! love ya ♥
Hope to see you tomorrow! I'll tweet my location and maybe we can sit together in a conference or two
you? I wanna see! Wait, is that considered kiddy porn?
your 14 followers are proud of you. On Mothers Day no less.
MICHAEL FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW PLEASE IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME AND HER! <3
work account- would never have an account there, myself.
This will be the realest tweet I ever wrote against all odds
: Can I just FF to Oct.....Childish, Ye and Jay, A&T Homecoming....sheesh Ima rage
Ah! What a beautiful day for science!
who will it be 2nite? : YOU tweeted it and it's official the #MVPonNBC for #NYRWSH game is #NYR Brad Richards
Our website is up and running again.
You can find talent. I still can't figure out why you didn't win last year.
thanks and there will be more contests in the future. Feel free to give us topic suggestions.
thanks for the follow! I hope you find our IP and entrepreneur news helpful :) See you around Boston!
I spent way too much on groceries today.
R.I.P to the legendary whitney houston you will be among us for ever through your music
Dear #Klout, what's the point of sending me perk notifications if they're always full?
C Lo Green Time.
get the haircut dude...always feels fresh
Got the Incredible today. Gonna sell my Droid.
RT : The good news is I just ate a jellybean I found on the ground of our apartment. The bad news is it was a tiny ball of Pla…
omgg! Your so pretty!
al i want for christmas is you ;)!
I took like 15 shots that night or some what close lol
Wondercuts on vets right near lakeview is the best!!
"We have to get past" adversarial nature of realtionships between young men & youg women -Andrew Levack
I just saw a girl on the train who looked exactly from one of my best high school friends 1984 yearbook pics, clothes hair and all.
Q5: Don't be afraid to introduce yourself to people. It's ok if you don't remember names the first week. Ask about their lives.
Yes you can
indeed! Say when!
God is good! Hope you all have a great day! LET YOUR LIGHT SHINE!
Enjoy your own life without comparing it with that of another.
#Austin no McCain, we didn't start the fire... I'm not illegal BTW
RT : "Wait! If they crucify Cee Lo Green, that's awesome." --
Hope everything's ok!
Holy shirts and pants.
At the Digital Summit here in Atlanta--great event. Learning about Twitter trends & SEO.
If #SportingKC were in a movie, what would the plot be and who plays who?
Hell, who knows?... Maybe even my golf swing will get better - Arnold Palmer
I need more followers too. Go
What do you mean?
Yes! Great month to visit the PNW.
What does that even mean? RT Issue is bigger than Katz.
GM tweets! Have a blessed and resourceful day!
LETS GO HAWKS
Meh...beer is expensive everywhere. What they have at MMP that's out of this world is the brisket sandwich. #WhereIsMyIntern?
Valentine's Day is an attempt to kindle back into existence a belief in love that Life routinely disproves.
baby has a rash, possibly from asparagus but possibly from corn. and yay, sunday!
Bummed the Packers lost.
Go check out !
Butler: #fairuse prctice mks prctic...i can tell u all this stuff, but if u dont USE IT, will die on vine #erl12 best talk so far, thank u!
I know I haven't made a youtube video in a while but I've been busy with this annyoing thing called life. I promise I will make some soon!
what your car wanz is Quanz!
It's picture week @ my daughter's dance studio. I am tweeting from my car in the parking lot. It's utter chaos in there
Shut yo mouth!
left side-nose. 3 holes on left ear.2 holes & cartilage on right. I did have industrial but it got infected, i had surgery
No, No symbols have been loaded for this document for YOU
he will ONLY come back if he considers her as his "home"
Mom comes home soon. #yay #NOT 
"I was in a punk band called Death!" I can see voters responding well to that.
I smell good
Yes. Check out his other stuff too! I've been listening to his YouTube Channel all mornign.
I LOVE thunderstorms. I love them even more when I am home and all cozy...
lol girl just let me know when
Can you believe how big Flo's following has become?
please tell to #getbetter(: I love him!
Can't wait to try Lakefront Brewery's Fixed Gear at Milwaukee Brewfest!
wait, what. No more Blogger or Flickr for you two?!
Singing in KEY sounds RIGHT! AUDITION for FCS. Call the office; see fairfaxchoralsociety.org.
Getting ready to launch May's #DesignBizChat - all abt COLLABORATION!! Join us 2 discuss how it creates opportunities 4ur biz 10 amET today
trade up for tannehill? FUCK NO!! Trade down for him he's not worth the number 8 pick.
Funny. Their CEO has recently lost 70 lbs. He must not be eating in the park.
Stop by booth 318 and register for our new PD website!
Double trouble will get you just that
Today I did a total of 81 pushups thanks to the Hundred Pushups Android app. (Week 4, Day 3, Level 1)
OH at NBA Legends Brunch "Technology is exciting. And exhausting, trying to keep up!"
The Top 20 Greatest San Francisco Musicians: The Complete List
thanks for the follow.
About to watch armegeddon and get on shitcam Stickam lol, I really wish my phone had service
Thanks Jesse!!
Yep, again.
Great pic! Yes, only one more day left in the season *sniff* Hopefully October will be kind to us with a great new harvest!
Okay, Nice Talking To You (: RT that's your opinion so yeah. And please I'm mad? You sound dumb af.
Escape the heat come to the library where it is cool and read.
WAKE UP!
Sitting at McDonald's observing my granddaughter playing and watching how nothing else matters to her but right NOW! Simply amazing!
WANT MY PICTURE HMMP!
now i know i'm late, but Louisville didn't surprise me against Cincinnati. nor against Syracus, because thats how we played all year long.
The SECRET CONFERENCE MEETING went well, but Larry Scott lost a contact, leading to several hilarious misunderstandings.
I just got tickled by my 5 year old cousine!
Tech & Soc Wk 5: 12% of Medicare payments pay for services during the last month of an average patient's life.
No! Was it Stuart Smalley-esque? RT : Did you see my message on your mirror in the dressing room?
"Mom, I got you & my sister a great christmas present!" "Perri, it better not have ears and a wagging tail"... Guess a puppy is out this yr
Social media has changed the world.. Significantly..,
Happy New Year to you, too!
85% The Hunger Games Thrilling and superbly acted, The Hunger Games captures the dramatic violence, raw emotion, and ambitious scope of i
I wanna shower but my cousin is outside playing and my instincts say BITCH if that were your kid you wouldn't do it!
Me - its raining outside Nikki - are u serious?! F***, I don't have a hood (looks over shoulder) oh wait ya I do. STUDYING SUCKS!
Lmao she said she need ta put her strap down that was funny
oh shit, i guess that's one less bitch you gotta worry about
Awww hahaha. If you're saying I should purchase something for Snacks, I DO have an Amazon giftcard!
believes that Justin Bieber is God's way of punishing Americans for electing Obama!
thanks so much!!
about time too...but I hate that they cancelled ringer....IDIOTS
Enjoying Health Care Assoc of Michigan and MCAL conference speaking opportunity this week. Good people and great mission
wish I was shopping with you!
I'm 33 and life is awesome. Rats, does this mean it goes downhill?
#IfIHitTheMegaMillion I'm going to turn into Lil Jon 2.0 and making a cd very similar to "Crunk Juice" Ice Cube will be on it.
How is chicken little a nfl analyst?
I just dislike the 2011/2012 comparison. 2011 was a pretty rare turnaround. It's like rolling a 12 and expecting to do it again.
Lana Del Ray
A fond farewell to a friend,Joe Sell,one of the most naturally talented musicians I've ever met passed away.You'll always be missed.
is up with her awesome project. I'm not her adviser but this one is still close to my heart.
ShoutOut to ALL of the Haters Sitting & Watching & Hating on #RipTheRunway #RTR !!!
that girl at my game that tried to curse me out. LOLOLOL. pleasee. just
don't say how are the kids I feel so awkward *christina the cuban*
Congrats to CJ McCollum and Lehigh. I bet big brother Eric is proud (playing pro ball in Israel and formerly Goshen College in IN)
Hahahahahahha the roundup song
It's a cute hair cut and all, it just doesn't go well with me. It's actually making me super sad haha
it'll be okay
When you double-date, go out with fun, upbeat, positive couples.
Watching this pregnancy movie in health makes me never want kids in my life
There cannot be a crisis next week. My schedule is already full.
relaxin..about to hop on the tables (dj) and practice for this prom that I gotta dj tomorrow. Lol.
Im from Russia, yourself? :)
hockey night in canada announcers are the shit
Join us for the start of at this friday! We have a great special on our site! 3 for $10 any craft!
hahah just in this game! :) A-Rod's throw was the game-changer.
Check out my numbers
Whatcha working on???
“: are #rustbeltbosses shaping the way you live and you don't even know it” 👍
I got ya sis b safe out here .
nope she still at work
got some new heat for the site..Dm
To my friends and followers on Twitter, will now be known as
Happy Monday! Wishing you a great start to the week!
I'm over here high as fuck.....
I know:/ we used twitcon always chill now never!):
this is an epic superhero goes aginst 10 unique other scientist made human like power robots ta wait till you see the 11th Evil man
It'd be awesome if the opening day for the Mariners wasn't at 3 in the morning
It was so dank!:)
All I know is everybody loves me.
Girls are sitting at the dinning room table, each with a laptop chatting away like crazy...so nice to have them all here at once.
I hope you are getting us some video contestants!! We hope to see you later today.
About to meet my boy TYG we gettin it in...we shininnnnnn
... Other fans yelled with you " let's go clippers lets go" or you rather yell by yourself while the other fans just clap?
Miami needs to step up
Caleb, Thalia, Julius & u guys. Something for everyone. End of May. Plus lots b4 then. Will let u know. Wld LOVE to see those kids!
Police have arrested a 16 year old male in connection of the attack of 2 reporters
Rangers vs Caps? Lakers vs Nuggets? Heavenly.
I make friends but tell me who can i trust?
We prefer to think of it as a firing squad, thank you very much. RT : Orioles are forming a group to conduct the GM interviews.
And I was only in the surgical room for 30 mins.
Well said. Simplicity is always more engaging. (And easier to remember.)
haha oh how I wish :P
aw, that looks so good! my parents still want us to cook for them:)
feeling the baby do back flips :D
Removing rid of all the spam bot followers by unfollowing everyone. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
GOOD DAY MY GOOD PEOPLE
Off to a workout before the first episode of the Bachelorette!
OMG IK LIKE JUST STOP..
At a Story Corps meeting. Anybody want to get interviewed for the Library of Congress?
Dont Expect Perfection In Your Progression, Expect Living Within Your Lessons
Hello!! Luv it there! RT hey Im in Nashville!
All in all pretty disappointed in #idol tonight. Casey, James, Naima kept it interesting. The rest? Meh!
You're obviously not about that life den
lol no girl they can say it too!
Just sent you a DM.
i just know what it feels like, so if ya need me, just give me a shout :)
Quincey has more assists for the other team than for Red Wings since he joined the squad. Now gets a 5 minute major.
What the fuuuuck
Big thanks to Ernie Ball Strings, Brian Ball and Guitar Center for the opportunity to meet Eric Clapton in London later this month!
did that article end abruptly or was it me? I didnt see a link for the article to continue..."He played baccarat. The end."
RT : do you have mad #ariba skills?
Playing for Chavez Next year.
Southern American.
you preggers, or is that a movie?
Wishing I could join crossfit :/
Good Morning! An artist is a dreamer consenting to dream of the actual world. -George Santayana
And ready to hear Ms. address the IMFFA
Rain, rain go away come back another day
trust no dick. -_-
I want to be on a beach somewhere; drink in hand, and worry free for a day...
whatever brah, ill do pushups in 110 degree weather.
stop well ok she had it coming
No FICTION winner for the Pulitzer? WHAT?
RT : You left too early. is playing !
After two long months I finally see the citibank commercial I shot.
Start with the end in mind so you have a mental picture in mind of why you started.... Your reason to end!!!
I'm putting a GIGART sticker on my guitar...
#mygraduationspeech you're all whores and assholes i hope you rot in hell ok :-)
The food system should be based on the foundation of fair social & labor policies - Eric Schlosser at Agreed.
#SometimesYouHaveTo put your #middlefingerup to Bieber and her beliebers.
Happy Mothers Day from the UK Nunn Center...Interview your mother today...and archive the interview with us as well!
#firespaz Time to legitimately start thinking about who will coach BC next year. There is simply no way they can bring Spaz back next year.
I'm probably just gonna go creep my friend whose working at pappas
"It is not the employer who pays the wages. Employers only handle the money. It is the customer who pays the wages." - Henry Ford
April is one twisted bitch of a month.
thank you!! (the ramshackles will come later, apparently they aren't 'work apporprite' or some such fascist nonsense)
Happy, happy birthday my friend. Hope your family spoils you rotten!
Thanks for the info about the bike giveaway! My daughter could use one!
i hear you sista!!!!
Thank you! Have a great weekend :)
yo how are you?(:
Does A Salvatore count??(;
I'm only speaking the truth(;
'Every winner has scars.' -Herbert N. Casson
I ordered something online and had to give my number so in the comments section I wrote the lyrics to Call Me Maybe. I regret nothing.
How is it tht U can rate service of the best cafe in town online but the customer (patient) is never asked abt a hospitals service & quality
Turn me on ;)
Isn't he cute!!? :) His name is Marty!
Get ready for an ugly week. #Romney doing well in polls is going to unleash negative onslaught from the "Hope and Change" crowd
Awesome! Dm me your #. Not sure how much free time there will be, but fun to know you're near by!
Sometimes I wish I could hurt you the way you hurt me. But I know, if I had the chance to, I wouldn't.
Building services exchanged. Simply.
The deadline for the Los Angeles Fall Program is Monday, May 2nd! Apply now!
Pine bark mulch conserves water, and it cuts down on weed growth
I always thought the 12th man thing was a Mike Holmgren thing.
mr. urban outfitters ;)
Before you insult a man, walk a mile in his shoes. That way, when you insult him, you'll be a mile away, and have his shoes.
Never romance me over Drag Race, and paints!
funny, I'm doing the same here!
:( I don't know babes .... Lets talk about where we're both ticklish lol
haha. Took a bad fall rock climbing.
RT : Q1) we also collect easy to track data, like who completed which online training...part of the requirements.
OMFG XAHZHHAJZJJA I HATE COMMERCIALS. brb dying from not seeing my boyfriend
Email us pictures of yourself with I heart Beto shirts or yard sign. Details to come.
How Interesting!
That's probably for the best anyways.
Great verse! one of my favorites.
MESSAGE ME OR RT IF YOUR GOING THRU SOME HEART BREAK
Doesn't St. Ed's have a campus there?
I hear the closeness can't be duplicated. also prolly nostalgic. Always wanted to try but I have the beard thing going.
We've got a $5 Club Sandwich for you today! Things are looking up!
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you get lost on the way home from ur dads store that you've been to multiple times -____-
I love groceries, but I hate going to the store to get them.
I am so glad you liked it!!
man pr Rog plays so different than alucarD ( Antwan ).
worst thing about #Easter weekend is definitely #ham eww
Counting down to stickyballs and karaoke
"It's kind of fetal alcohol syndrome-y." - RE: Justin Long's face.
the Jam have fired back in Q4, have taken the lead 95-94 with 6:18 left in the game
: how late is reg open for the 2pm Deep Stack? <~4:30” thx! Full starting stack if reg late?
. Haven't been invited to one yet.
Good job DC!
I refuse to be a woman's problem. Especially if your own problem is YOU
Umm... so I followed a bunch of new people, and now my old followees are not showing up on my feed. Huffington Post took over everything.
I plan to start tweeting here more often.
If the Sox can't win with a position player pitching, they don't deserve to win. A-Gon was a complete no show except on defense.
Wow that was late then xD
Serving on the corner of 6th and walnut
If I was Jets I would not do a press conference to introduce the backup QB. It shows me that they are interested in the circus.
OH LOL I AINT NOBODY JST A N THE WAY HOOD PHILLY NICCA I AINT NOBODY
My cats woke me up so early! -.-
That's awesome.Do you still talk with the rest of the wives?
RIP WHITNEY HOUSTON
Yeah, I'm pretty sure I still have it. Let's try and meet up man
"H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A"
Whoever comes through #Miami holla @ me!!
Tmrw nite 10/5 the Echo Beach jazz quartet at Cato's Ale House, Oaktown. Minus me: Charlie Gurke on sax will sit in. www.mrcato.com
you can't go backward, you must go forward to go back ~ Willie Wonka (not to be confused with Willy Wonka)
Julia Porter is THE BOMB! Take good care of her!
oh definitely
I swear stands for over dose
Best we can hope for is the "Columbus Ohioans" RT : So IF Columbus were to get a NBA team, what should the mascot be?
check out the stream for the highlights
RT : Who’s coming to #happyhour tonight?
I'm watching The Daily Show With Jon Stewart on CC. #tds,#dailyshow,#jonstewart (via )
rough life.
As a friend of OpalBar you are invited to the the Knicks vs 76ers game on March 21st!
Don’t forget to stop by Cricket Wireless from 11-1p with Sara!
bro what you doing?
watching the McLaughlin Group....I feel like I just stepped into the 90s.
Fear + Lack of Knowledge = The abilityt to manipulate.
Congrats on your recent #BestofBoston I caught your cute commercial with Eric Roseff this weekend too!
in other words, the data doesn't fit his theory?
Yeah buddy!
them crazy fuck boys!!
we use d5 in our building k-5. We also use CAFE schoolwide
best days ever.
We made it to Alba Italy. Staying at BnB on the edge of the old city. Already had best pizza + Barbera. Ready for 3 more days of slow food
Happy birthday I hope you have a good one! You so talented and wonderful in every way #harryis18tommorrow :)
Is that a keg in your back pocket? Cuz I'd love to tap it!
i luv 4am feedings so awesome
I hate the neologism e-blast with the intensity of 1,000 Tatooine suns. So like 2,000 earth suns, right nerds?
Today's focus: Ray Vega on WKCR 89.9 fm. Now until midnight.
If only they were embarrassed for themselves. QT : Wow, The Jersey Shore cast is just ridiculous. I'm embarrassed for them.
Instead of re-tweeting my entries, I commented on your latest blog entry to make it easier to access and read clearly.
it's not called "Pvt. Benjamin," and there are other small differences, but yeah.
Here in the sun, there's only fifteen minutes of fun hope we can tan and hope we can burn up
Hey Jimmy will you please send me a thank you note!? Please you would totally make my year!
So wats up can i get that ;)
I love the Rays hitters.
aw thanks maria!!:)
Very heavy weather right now
i just want straight bangs but my boyfriend thinks they're ugly, so yeah.
Set up custom tinyurl & bit.ly URLs pointing to your Google profile - own your brand!
I love how the sound of the street cleaner sends my neighbors and I in a panic to move our cars. I was OK, this time. #FUstreets&san
Thanks for RT. Was wondering if anybody would catch that. :-)
Hey would you mind retweeting this? > EVER DREAM OF PERFORMING MOVIE MUSIC? The is looking for more players!
El Cajon resident Wendy Huttson speaks to city council about not demolishing ECPAC and putting up a hotel in its place
Say somethin' baby don't be shy♥
Make more money before the end of this year with hair extensions! www.drwiggys.com
What happens in July? RT #fsi2012 - Barry argues mobile #LMS apps aren't adequate for online tests. True, until Mid July ;-)
Who thinks needs to sneak off to the #Muse2012 cocktail hour this afternoon? The husband and kids won't even notice...
Did they have sunscreen in 1836? I don't think so - they did have ways to protect their skin from sun. Stop by Prairietown to learn more.
Did you have an awesome time?Did you drink awesome shooters listen to awesome music & then just sit around & soak up eachothers awesomeness?
*seen, I do not sew.
My boyfriend currently has Billy Blanks on his massage table. This is one session I kind of want to poke my head in on...
People will either lift you up or bring you down. Which one are you?
Touchdown! Johnson! alright alright!
I'm glad that you enjoy our new song Your Fool :) Keep listening! You R.O.C.K.
Million thanks to you for visiting! RT : So pleasantly full! A million thanks to for tasteful #glutenfree meal!
A nigga dat thinks & kno a bit*h needs him treats her like shit!
I'm not there No more but Ariel can tell her cause I don't got her number nomore
RT : Has corporate casual gone too far? One of my coworkers was barefoot in the office this morning at a major...
ok yes I need 7 from you and they come in hopefully next Tuesday if they get ordered tonight
Thanks -- you're sweet!
Maybe that's why we started using tweeps?
Of course we would! But at the moment we are writing for our next full instrument EP :]
Had I known it was bring your kid to work day I so would've brought the lil man! Not sure how I would have gotten any work done, though...
Remember to submit your answers as to what you love MOST about the Denver Broncos and McDonald’s...
Am I the only one who thinks Vint Cerf, Tim Berners-Lee & other Internet/WWW pioneers should have more say over the tech patent process?
How old is your baby now ?
watching your video right now! And I love it. Oh and I like your shirt (:
well it's a family dog lol
News break: : #MISSING 9yo Sydney Peet from Fremont County. Approximately 20 miles west of Canyon City, Colorado. Missing since 8a
What's $300 and a 3 game guarantee? Our International World Youth Basketball Summit! Find out more here:...
Trying to tweet Funny folks, but I cant bring up their names?
send me some!
When us DaDa next?
Yes. And then the next day when I actually try it on, I'm like "How did my mind think of it as matching?"
Very happy that NYC has three airports, and thus cannot be metonymized in that specific smug way. Sorry, PDX, etc.
a 13 year old kid on facebook just called me his future "sex' girlfriend D": #wheniwas13 i never said that kind of shit
I gotta get my shit together
Oh Crud!!! I MISSED MY 5,000 TWEET! D: anways i dedicate it too my BEST ICONic FRIEND Cuz shes always there for me :)
any good updates to the My Little Pony boyfriend question? Haven't checked it since that night
Here we go Mavs..... HERE WE GO!
#ificantakebackonething how much would I get?
niggas that say, "Pussy aint got no Face" is basically saying.. I'll Fuck ANYTHING!
did u wacth the brits awards
Just heard YeahYeahYeah's in an ipad commercial...very sad.
No one seems to know the answer ": What happened to Bryce Harper?"
oh my gosh I would love that book too!
Im a young dude but I know a lot about life. And I can tell u this, life is perfectly fine...its only not fair when you submit to rules.
Everybody does that *it's Sasha bitch
Yes it has! Definitely time :) “: I need to stop in soon it's been a while!!!”
You have a kid? Whaaaaaa?!
David Holdeman on #Yeats tonight at my mum's... And say my glory was I had such friends
better to show up at 9pm when the screening starts
hao do u do?
I feed 1 wife, 2 kids, 3 dogs, 1 fish, 1 lizard (new addition) and my wife says I have to feed the crickets he eats
I wish I was a billionaire. The Buffet rule wouldn't worry me.
Two turkey vultures board a plane. One says to the other, "Nice carrion."
you dismiss the study because it ONLY summarized 16 states? Many states have few if any charters forgood reason
was good
People tweet their business all the time but I don't see tweets about brushing teeth. You people are gross bad breath losers
Throwback joint, mario vazquez ft "gallery" remix. Haha this was the shit!!!
That's the only thing I know about this world is that this right here this is true love♥
shiii, same ol man. trying stay out a trouble whats up with yall yall out there?
Damn my mama just made me cry....telling me about her 2 second husband (my suppose 2 b dad) and how he got killed... ugh
Science is simply common sense at its best.
I'm loving some of the new changes/upgrades over at CraftIsArt. Thanks,
if yu dont text me we gone fight
I obviously have to go to bed right when has a twitter party. Well there goes all my chances of getting noticed:(
Kevin Costner can't help in this situation.He was in Waterworld,so he knew what to do for the oil spill.Who's been in a nuclear plant movie?
should have a short article on it, and i'll link you when it's up. thx for the RTs
Searching for some hot steamy pictures of tomato basil soup. Google, turn that SafeSearch mode off.
The band was Foster the People
Sorry I've been slacking.
that shit in my quincy hood!!! Memorial day launch!!
thank u. I definitely need sleep soon.
Thanks for sharing! Will check it out!
Thanks for the twitter follow.
Did Steve tell you that, per chance? Hmm, Steve..
I hate when ppl pretend to like something cuz there friend likes it.like no.be yourself.
Disagreed on the Spurs comment. They are beatable. In fact, the Clippers can (and will) beat them.
let me check my calendar lol
Were you able to read this? Text You of the day: "Thank you for all the gifts I don't even think about"
Don't rain on my parade.
nine hours of sleep was not enough
Thank you for coming to the concert! We are glad you enjoyed the music!
Obviously it's severe prejudice toward mortarboards.
i love him! Best valentine ever! I couldn't ask for more:) but the days not over ;)
thanks so much for the spotlight yesterday! I can't wait to see all my Six Degrees friends at the first event of 2012!!
I'm addicted to 's "We Are Young." It features She's from KC, like me :)
Energy is an eternal delight, and he who desires, but acts not, breeds pestilence. -William Blake
- our current contract (both fios tv and internet) is up mid-july. am interested in what bundles are available.
BORED AS SHIT. SOMEONE SAVE ME
#hth2012 Silverman noting a bit of "nostalgically futurist". sees threat of loss motivating lot of efforts. Interesting
RT : Our docs & staff w/#Colts DB providing free socks, shoes & foot exams to homeless men at Wheeler Mission 2nite
Thanks for adding #WASU to the new lineup!
(twitter) show log Success, but something was missing. Maybe you’ve scaled some heights, still no satisfaction. Today @ 3p EST
My headphones on charge
Agree - what a beautiful chair- beautiful pattern
Where you at boo? #itssnowing “: wish y'all was here. #snowangels”
That's better! ^_^ Nice to tweet ya!
thank you darling
Baby when we grinding, I get so excited
I use the power of my imagination to create the world I choose to live in.
No need to freak out, haha. I'm having surgery on my nose to fix my deviated septum, as well as reconstruction surgery to straighten it out.
#thesocial is giving away two great gifts tonight - we'll announce the winners soon
Where? There are steeler bars everywhere.
PD is on the move!
It's crunch time now. Tweet, text, email and call friends and family reference Punch#21 Roderick D. Vereen for Congress 2010
says "It's going to be a world of people who write code & those who don't."
S/o to my new follower 😄
Its hard to think there r ppl out there who are so grateful to have me in their lives
major congrats / hallelulujah to Dr. Trust me when I say, I never thought this day would come.
wait one direction week?! lucky im jealous
“: ready for tonight?
Oh and yes I am proud to be 40 cause I still look 25 without surgery. What up bitches.
Time management is a key component of successfully running a business. Analyzing it will help focus on weak areas that need fine-tuning.
Having #dimsum at The Palace in Los Feliz. Love the table side presentations here. About to feast on some chicken feet.
you cant move in, you would be kicking out
shout out to in the mix right now!!
No, I'm just presenting! I actually have seen her (and we talked) and she isn't my gf xD
this question only involves people with a girl, sorry. Hahaha
Damn he makes me happy.!!! <3
No trust. Got my wall up. Can't get hurt. I'm cool.
Hey geoff, I was just wondering if there was going to be another archive tour after HoF game again?
toe rings? of course! especially a matching set :)
Denver is not even on the list???
oh, , it's sad but true.
TREAT YO'SELF 2011!!! I'm a cashmere candy-cane.
Playing BS!
So sleepy. I can't stay asleep for longer than 4hrs at a time these days. Wah.
What celebrities hair do u most admire?
I am already getting anxiety over the entire family coming this weekend. This is going to be a logistical miracle people!
Yikes! Tornadoes, thundersnow....crazy day for weather. Stay safe out there everyone!
I just finished "Excuse Me, Your Life is Now" by Doreen Banaszak, about LOA. I really got a lot out of it.
A wise student will master the formulas & apply the principles to produce the desired effect in reality according to vision
Glad you got in touch!
nice! I don't have work till Saturday
Wasn't pretty this week, but YOUR Big Ten Pub A's fend off Harmony Bar comeback bid for a 16-13 win. A's move to 3-0 in Bay League action.
hosts the Grant Recipient Celebration tonight at at 6:30! Celebrate the 11 nonprofits & schools that won grants!
lets do it ! , all of the big kids of the family chill (:
"What we want is frequently at odds with what is right.."
what is this I hear about alex trebek? tell me more!
great message last night pop. You are awesome!
We are not human beings having a spiritual experience. We are spiritual beings having a human experience.
I love you best friend!
I just realized that prenatal is an anagram of parental.
you guys just HAD to make this on a Saturday night didn't you?
I already have an alarm clock....its called the loud obnoxious latin guy that screams "TAMALE!" outside my window at 5 am
Flashbacks of the times I had with you, all I remember on your face was a smile;
Shout out to my A~Ko peeps! Where you at Aurora?
Good Ole Tom is investing once again, in Tucson. Irvington & I 10 area. Thanks Good Ole Tom. 5271 S Calle Santa Cruz.
# of punctum downloads: Preternatural: 307; Leper Creativity: 418; Reality in the Name of God: 145; Intimate Bureaucracies: 87. Yeah, baby!
I forgot my heaphones.....
I DM'ed you about what's going on. Sorry it's long! I've just been upset about this for the past month or so. :-(
ha sure is intriguing. Oh you radio people...
blow up Twitter with dog tweets.
Decisions decide your favior.
I hope u r not having a bad day?
Barnone with new german friends lol
The last stole the sack. - German Proverb
I am currently compiling a list of people I would definitely punch in the face. PayPal me $1 for your copy & ensure your peace of mind.
Mythbusters just confirmed that doesn't f around on 376...was that a g6 or a spaceship
I am a experience home remodeling contractor working with great kitchen designer.
Do you overshop to project an image of wealth and power? Learn how to stop: www.stoppingovershopping.com
Google homepage is quite good fun today, if you fancy a strum :).
Using my tweets from et al.'s #Latour panel from #4C12 to cite them... hm... how to reference...
#ThingsMyMotherSays RT : #RejectedMittRomneySlogans I don't know any poor folks, but I'm friends with the people who own them.
do it. It's a classic. At least all the stuff at the actual party.
OMG So Kool Gotta Love K-Stew
oh will then i dont know what to say . - . -
We can't wait to see you either!
Destroyed another kickball game NBD
Can anyone recommend a good print on demand service for prints / posters preferably one with a well documented API?
Thanks I will let you know
SWC's Gotham St. entrance will close for construction Monday, May 21. MTS buses will stop on Otay Lakes Rd., not enter campus.
That sounds perfect for you. Hope you like them! I just bought $160 in shirts...and moved across the country. I need to wait.
mmhhmm that's what they all say. You were just thrilled I tweeted you ;)
is my role model i wanna be just like him in the future
Romney thinks people should discuss his assaults only in a "quiet room"
hey woman, you were in Monday's paper. I have it, if you want it?!
no response? I guess hanging up on callers is how adults handle things
I sure hope so. Still don't think he's ready for Martinez. But all signs point to it happening.
I hear you!
if servicio postal doesn't have it be sure to email us at help at goodrock dot com :>) they may send it back if u don't pick up
thanks for the follow! Let me know if you need some new furniture or new mattress! You now have a Mattrezzz Guy!!!
aww today's your birthday??
lolololol. Have fun..
Thanks to friends with cable, actually going to see on Castle when it airs tonight.
Does anyone actually call Kobe.. Black Mamba?
:) *snuggles coyote*
hahha thank god we stopped talking
at least it's not broken
All reviews and my Tim Burton Q&A filed and the issue closed, I'm about to enjoy a rare night off. I'm relaxing already...
Graduation Party This Saturday. Hit me For details.
Cherish your friends and family.
I love gin
Ima try this sleep thing one more time
iwas being mean cause you were being mean first :(
no worries, it'll be fine. Just really caught me off guard
There's a special place in my heart for departing senator Olympia Snowe.
Congrats to the SD Girl Scouts for their successful Cool Women Luncheon! Inspirational women who give back are being honored!
Getting my #ala11tech nerd on!
That's not my weapon... I am just shooting it. :)
My #Zoom360 has arrived!!! Hello, kid on Christmas morning!!!! Could I be more excited!?! Simple answer.... Nope!
Beavis & Butt-Head. Tonight. 10pm. MTV.
will do. Thanks!
Why is it that the end of the day is when all the work comes.
no way, but more inspiring.
thoughts on Cassel and Kolb bringing hesitation to teams wanting Flynn?
you mad bro?(;
I hope the special shapes balloons will arrive in time for the Balloon Fiesta. It would be kind sad without them.
"Bowling Alone" like only human bowling on the lanes alone. Here's hoping can hook herself out of traffic soon.
We finally have plums on our plum tree!
L-tryptaphan kicking in...must...reach...couch...
Ow! Cat just scratched me..i have the craziest cat ever! It has the weirdest mood swings its so friendly & then so mean out of no whr!
First day of insanity.
btw, what happened to your other twitter accounts? I saw you blocked a lot of people and then same with your FB? Consolidating?
I havent been on this twitter in forever
A sun filled #FF to our newest followers!
they are, but no bro's ever made it through the gauntlet.
thanks for the follow! digging your designs! have you checked out our specialty waterbased & discharge inks?
It takes sacrifice to achieve your greatest goals. Joe has realized the importance of sacrifice during this competition....
- thanx..hope U have an amazing weekend
Can you still get email where I've been sending it? I do have some ideas! If not, would you message me with a new address?
no Im not
Having a great time at #thematketingexpo Great speakers!!! Mixer at 4:30pm here in Carlsbad!
Got some great ideas for teaching digital projects at #thatcamppenn, kind of wish I had used some into the class I'm on my way to teach now!
I think is creepin lol love him he's so sweet:)
Now I gotta go to work and listen to this bullshit! SMMFH
Just informed the TSA that the radiation from their body scanners makes me turn into #theIncredibleHulk. That didn't go over too well. :D
The last 20 seconds of Happy Endings just made me laugh so hard!!!!!
running on a treadmill >>> running on the road. Especially when it is 90+ outside
We're here w/ & learning about the Spring 2012 Partnership for Parks grant program!
Writing a stupid story for English...
you settled into the ranch?
If peyton were to sign with Denver I would buy a jersey the next day
RT : By 2013, there will be 140 connected devices per person on earth.
Who says you're NOT beautiful?
The film typifies why I'm proud to be apart of and their commitment to putting an edible garden in every school.
Just bought 's new record! Sounding great! please support..I produced track 11 "Lost".....
All Nighter With My Nigga And Some Girl We Just Met On OovoO ^__^
your set? No sure didn't... but i think you live pretty close to me, unless you were just in my area :) how are you?
Did you get to try the Spicy Bulleit? How did the event go?
(Daniele Vare) Diplomacy is the art of letting someone else have your way.
Sometimes I say crazy shit to ppl.
I hear ya. Still, I can't believe judges wouldn't tell their clerks to find a different source.
This is so true! (:
it made me twitch a little bit, that's about it. Haha
I was hoping for the same thing! Ah well. Next week could be his-- won there like 6 times.
but what if photos are on charity site? use then (for reference for gift officers)?
lolol c': okay
Yall bringing some cider to this announcement? RT: NC Gov. to make Asheville economic announcement
43 VOCABULARY WORDS BY 8AM?! No, no prof, I don't have any other classes or a life, thanks. FORTY. THREE.
I don't like saying goodbyes. I'm not very good at it.
lol she cummin on her time
ask yo parents to write a check
My mom just ruined everything
You have been a great Captain on a great team. Really a pleasure to watch this year.
Millions of jobs can be created just thru the housing market alone. Unemployment can be cut by a minimum of 30%.
If submitting films via Vimeo or YouTube password protect it to give it a bit of exclusivity.
You're cute when you scream.
Lol see... I mean I've heard of it, just never knew it'd happen to someone i knew
THE FIGURE STUDY...From the beginning, it has been, and remains a favorite subject of artists. Let the human form be your canvas.
The Watsons and are amazing folks.....congrats!
Larry Powell, California school chief cuts his pay by $800k. What a great example 4 every government official 2 follow.
.... I'm dying over here!! Lol. I guess I'll have to make some :-)
Gotta love legal drugs i.e. coffee
is grooving to some Alternative music!!!
I'll be rolling up on your office around 4 today to see Aaron. Imma come find you both after.
I just dont get along with rugby players
I guess he just didn't catch my eye. For me it's something about their demeanor .. I guess
Not every rock wants to roll.
Dry Cleaners, check. Photocopies, check. Next on the agenda, packing!
Don Henley sounds pretty sweet on the Fusions speaks
#AllBetter RT : ALEX RIOS NOW 2-FOR-39 WITH A RUNNER ON THIRD AND TWO OUTS SINCE THE START OF 2011!
Go pacers good win tonight make me proud !!!!
The Durant strike hurts but I feel better about the Mavs at 0-3 than I did at 0-2. They looked so much better tonight.
hi back! yes, mos def..sorry, couldn't resist. :)
you always wanna be an asshole to me but then when you want something you're nice...NOT HAPPENING :) sucks doesnt it.
Cracks in the concrete are just reminders that you can fall apart no matter how sting you are.
wish you were around for another day 4 pep talk
Twitters changing in june? Or is that just a lie & spam going around?!
ACTORS: Be sure to update your profiles :) We've seen a few outdated ones today. Looking out for you... yea you're welcome. :)
Before Drake started saying #YOLO....Did you all think u can live twice? or....
My first house will. Def. RT : My next home will have a hammock in the yard.
imagine wolfgang playing at the superclub!? 0___0
I think he looks like Eeyore if Eeyore was a middle-aged Caucasian huffer.
something I didn't realize until I taught classes, grading exams sucks way more than taking exams.
What color is a chameleon on a mirror?
Still down for me too...garrrr...
They coulda fit a Frankenstein into that dumb Twilight story. Some of us aren't fruity vampires OR werewolves. I'm a
Excited for the Ableton Production Workshop today! Get my learn on!
Could you explain what this means? :P RT : "If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough." - Einstein
Such a great pick up! Two discs of awesome!
You were saying?
your the third hot seach on google!! congrats!!
Tangier, Jackie, Tito, Jermaine, Marlon, Michael, and Ray Guy
follow me plzzz
when are we not excited for Packer football?
Mammoth activates and adds him to 23-man roster
Hey guys... ya ever pop a woody when getting a physical from a female doctor?
I feel like this guy needs help. Take 's offer. Don't be stupid.
but its such a monumental day! I just had to tweet about it! Ha
Reading papers in preparation for the Modernism and Neuroscience seminar at #msa13. Looking forward to the conversation.
Nice night!
REALLY!?!? Wow, I'm pissed.
Netflix rocks, sign up, it's free first month! U will love terriers Tv show, and Lillyhammer with SVZ
Darth Vadar was at the door??
Stephen A vs Skip... Always fun.
Living room chants! RT : I am, I am jerseyed, scarfed, and hatted up probably driving my neighbors nuts
Resilient Soul's Health and Hair Expo was excellent!!!
well, the are destroying the red sox. cabrera and fielder putting in work!
Going in a circle should never be considered as moving forward
they lose by one. we lose by one. this is going to be a good series.
Dinner tonight is fresh greens and vegetables from Dad's organic garden, and fresh home made garlic bread. Ah, this is the life.
hey everybody i miss you all
140 characters can't contain the volunteers and supporters who made #nciv1story conference happen. But thank you all!
There are some great things in the world—you just have to search for them.
that's cause we rule Lil sista. LoL. Nava was a clutch pick.
Had A Wonderful Weekend :)
I mean it is the truth i would be happy if u did u have the best sayings ever i like gettin on twitter and seeing them:) 💗
Better than doing it during the day when people are thirsty and trying to rehydrate.
That nap sucked dick. I need to start turning off my phone when I try to nap.
Well hello!!!! Thanks a million for the RT! Your patronage of Williams Paint Recycling and our events is greatly appreciated!!!
Stop telling me to eat corn bread. I wanna gain weight not cellulite.
Purplespace is sending good vibes your way. :-D
Get over ur self dude
Maybe we have a lot of friends in different states and countries who love to fangirl :P
Yup. Still holding out hope!
I did and my syrup is from Vermont...simply the best
Keep telling myself im not gunna get shity about it, when deep down i am. Damnit, blake was right ;/
You should come by early because I'm pretty sure I don't understand backbone correctly :-)
Thanks! We like that one too :)
whoops, sorry! Really didn't think the scissors scenario could be possible.
Yay beta-carotene, lutein & zeaxanthin RT best veggies for eyes are carrots, spinach, bean sprouts, endive, celery, and cucumber.
Know your worth><:(
I go into a yoga position and blow myself dry.
Leave all the afternoon for exercise and recreation, which are as necessary as reading
Lunchtime=machine head and treadmill.
LOVED the Killers cover tonight on by #TeamCeeLo & #TeamAdam. Still don't know who my fave is but they were all great!
Hoping my fiance and her team win the Daytime Emmy for her brilliant work as Co-Executive Producer of "How Do I Look"...here we go!!! Seco…
Im following back every person who follows this account :)
sun's coming up! it's so nice - I feel like a orange, banana, berries, ginger mix of
I'ma do you with the lights on cuz yo face so pretty
I love Austin's eyes. I get lost in them every time I see a picture of him.
New York City friends. Please go see my friend in #stickflyplay !!!
did you know: UW ranks 15th on the list of all-time winningest D-1 college basketball programs
Helluva lot more than titular changes!! State budgets are much larger than municipal ones. Also bigger govt. w/ more powers.
Watch me host the Escondido Jaycee's Christmas Parade! Today on local channel 19 at 4 pm!
Evocative art suggested for the bridge b/t East Dallas & the Arts District....the creator's name....Blessing Hancock haha. Hm, I wonder....
I have two Twitter accounts if that's what you are asking....
Yeah Im a Mahomie. But Im also a Psanderette, Belieber, and Directioner.
cock blockin' asses!
there is no charge for normal use of the platform. :)
how are you feeling?
Share our page with your friends and family - everyone can follow there favorite food trucks here!
Two cups of coffee and a mountain dew before noon. New record!
That is sad news. RT : Sad news to report. Friend and colleague Bill Ratliff has died. Prayers for Bill and his family.
Losing Minnesota Vikings Stadium Battle Would Be Costly For NFL
On vacation :-) Up getting to take and her friends to WSSU for a campus tour. Yesterday was NCA&T.
Chi-town baby!!
New fridge today. Stainless, too. Oh. Marc's happy..he has a new little TV to watch in the kitchen while he's creating his masterpieces!
i love your boobs and long hair
I FEEL LIKE THROWING A PARTY TONITE!!! ahahaha
OH "I think calling it a 'whimsical rabbit hole' is really reductive."
Can you believe it is already October? Make a day out of shopping for fall clothes and lunch at Daily Grill!
RT via - #Longshoremen asked #oo for a resolution calling all West Coast ports to close
- tripping is quite likely after drinking all that wine!
Peter Shankman: If you want something never had before do something you've never done before
Thanks for the mention Monster Steven! MyFlik.com would like to interview you about your award winning animated films.
You might also take a look at the novel "B Sides and Broken Hearts" by Caryn Rose, kind of a '90s band girl-fan thing.
RT : is the new Pete Campbell.
Newarks Cami Anderson says None of us got in #edreform game 2 create individual islands of achievement. We need 2 reach all kids
Are we nearly there yet?
what about deep-fried frosting?
Just got an email reminder about #BASHH tomorrow & I got all excited!
Arrive early tonight and enjoy free cocktails from 9-10 and only $2 after that!
Flo could sing the warning label on a pack of butts & I'd be smitten. Florence + the Machine's new song. su.pr/2rx8NH
OH MY GOD I KNOW. puberty has served him well.
They mean the world to me ❤💚
Practice what you preach...
I still bump album "The Cool". Straight fire
I'm not Gunna lie I choked two guys today . They stole my backpack so I had to unleash the wrath beneath me
Shah: Risky drug effects crucial to find when 21% of prescriptions offlabel, 73% of them w little evidence, 100K annual drug-adverse deaths.
in class, hatin the reading and the bullshyt of law school, 3 years and it will payoff!
I am entering to win an iPhone Backup Batteries from casebargain.com via
Just poped these sea sick meds...tell me why all i can think about is Samuel L Jackson off Deep Blue Sea!...lol..L's Up!
agreed...that's my forecast as well.
you're missing the "I" and "u" lol (:
Thanks . Let me get some feedback
gotta love the quaintness of the LeaveItToBeaver-era nostalgic folk. So cute. And such critical thinking skills!
you're a fool!
ohh no way man, I'm a big House of Leaves fan. Definitely someone else you're thinking of. :) crazy book.
This justification wouldn't work in the tangible goods space. "Ferrari isn't meeting my needs for a reasonably priced car.."
He was with me today(; and it made my day<3
fuck this. i broke my nail playin basketball. 😣
Was it over when the German bombed Pearl Harbor? Possibly. I think 90 percent of #Orioles games feature this comeback video in the 9th.
Every time I use the word "share" (or -ing, -ed) I'm afraid I'm going to type "shart" and embarrass myself.
loves that her face hurts from cracking up for the last hour and a half.
Happy mood. Lol
this explains why I'm waiting with baited breath to hear on my ArtPlace proposal...thanks
There were big storms in memphis last night. I like storms so it was cool to watch.
Feeling all the muscles in my back *clapping* :-) thanks to &
I'm at inbox zero for the first time in like a month!
dont reply to me entertain me
The "50 days of prayer" for #GC2012 is devotions not a prayer guide. #disappointed What prayer needs for GC do you see?
I can't explain the amount of happiness and excitement I have right now! I'm finding it so hard to work!
Very excited our Builder Exchange Event is getting great response! join us www.exchangeevents.com/builder
Good morning! Music always seems to help me wake up!
*cough cough* quit blowing your smoke our way, minnesota! I'm closing up for the night.
I have an ear ache and it's killing me. Owee.
With the Cartojet and Cartoblast you can clean and fill any cartomizer for your electronic cigarette in seconds with no mess! nicapure.com
12 minutes of basketball, THE TIME IS NOW! .....Let's Go Mavs!
DC: In the case of Michelle Rhee vs everybody, we find Rhee guilty of being a bitch and sentence her to pack her shit and get out!
Where do you post your fic? Could I have a link?(; Fic for a fic?(:
#ThrowbackThursdays going down the kent every Friday for family fun night then going to 's house to watch Third Watch.
Thanks for the tweet!
will be giving away FREE Wired Waffles tomorrow 5-16 7am - 8am outside of the Student parking lot on North Broadway. Get Wired!
Every Thursday afternoon should come with a Skype with
thank you, Lee, guess it wasnt meant to be.
Ah! Happy birthday, AND ! May 1 = big day for radio peeps. Little did I know! Ben, come over and have cheesecake!
trudging thru work today - holding on to thougths of tonight
My life has taken so many joyous turns...#God is so good! - thank you for choosing me! I love you!
great job! Very proud of you.
Cookie, you're so hilarious..DSC on san diego jack! love your show.
a real pony wouldnt be living in the house with us! :)
well u ever notice me ;(
Just had a tasty lunch & was luck enough to get a tour. What a nice venue for music & the wine is great too.
where's that?
. hoppin' with for pre in-store!
Yes, when all else fails, exercise more! That's my motto. :-)
Bought to watch Navy knock out Air Force for the 7th straight year.
email us at to run it by us - normally, we're pretty open!
Co-workers: It's really quite unnecessary to leave a 54 second VM, when I'm just going to delete it without listening.
Bryzgolov is terrible. So glad he's not in a Yotes uniform anymore! How embarrassed is he right now... SMH & Lmao!
lmao me too, and my calves are fucking hurting like a bitch!
CALLING ALL #COUGARS & CUBS!! Woman 40+ and Men 21-30 get in free #ALLNITE this Friday. Come down for a WILD Nite! RAWWRRR!
There is so much things that I wish could happen
God is good news from a friend delivered by messenger eagles.
Hey Wikipedia: Time to end the blackout! My 1979 collection of Encyclopedia Britannica doesn't know who Honey Badger is.
Good point: Job descriptions should include the skills that are required for the candidate to be successful in their role.
": #SomeoneIWantToMeet " This would be nice ^-^
No sleep ends up with lots of laughter
me too. Got an 8.
Some oxygen molecules help fires burn while others help make water, so sometimes it's brother against brother.
We buy all damaged cars/trucks. Any Vehicle! Instant Offer:(503)789-2075
Warning: I WILL look like a mess tomorrow
Raised the price of my iPhone App from free to 99 cents. Sales improved. Go figga. ow.ly/1FIpk3
please follow she is you biggest fan!23
pot or not people? vote now.
Don, I Anything, Know Art, About
We're exactly one month away from Minerva Music Festival. Which of our Memphis folks can we expect to see there?
If pairing with caps lock set "normally" I have to remove the key or I look like I'm typing while having a seizure.
Super dinnertime discussion about social media while in Berlin tonight. Looking forward to more at tomorrow!
Where and when are Saturday's semi-finals?
Maybe u didnt get the memo. I dont allow peeps to run me over.
3PT shooting % because of shot selection or poor shooting in general?
thank you for being brave enough to share your fight with us. We've been here rooting for you since day one.
11:30 pm, and it suddenly seems like a great time to vacuum. Which is weird, considering how much i hate vacuuming and love sleep
Got back from DEC's Dansville #fracking public hearing and trying to process it all. Large crowd, lots said. Some protestors on stilts.
Back on this cardio heavy!
Hm. I'd been telling people the Mavs were more than able to make this a series...
holy shit that interview was amazing!!
Happy Monday Tucson! What are you eating this morning?
Baby sister just got engaged!
the good doctor is very committed to educating the public - especially committed residents attending the Academy!
I know it will be exciting hockey, heck I'm hyped for Coyotes/Kings
great to meet you as well. Glad to have you here in Austin as the first leg of your nationwide adventure. Enjoy the journey.
Rascal is wagging her tail in her sleep. At least she's having a good dream!
when cheddar bob shoots himself >>
well she's not here!!!! Let me call her hold on
FUN with #PUNS!: Can I tell you a story about my bed? I made it up :)
Blowing up education with mobile with Bill Zobrist is starting. I have high expectations for this.
For my new followers I also make jewelry! In my spare time on etsy
To everyone who listened to my show thank you and i'll se ya'll around!
#itshardwhen you find out the person who you were closest with, is actually the farthest friend.
I swear to god me & my mom have our up's & down's but let someone say something about her I will fucking destroy you!
Since today is Follow Friday..will you please follow me?:) I love you so so so so so so so so much!! I  U Boobiana! :)
Hi everyone got me sick. Bo him :( lol
Thanks for visiting with Hennepin Theatre Trust's Critical View students Tues night. My daughter had fun!
Cannot say I'm a big fan of FaceTime.
Thanks, sir!
Anyone else having a tough time walking? I thought it was a good idea to bike commute today after running the half-marathon yesterday.
#Lookup -- you're great just the way you are. #MyBiggestFlaw ? No way!
lets do a trade.
Happy Friday!!! God woe me up so its gonna be a great day. Smooches
Exactly, Colleen. Exactly.
Making some big plans right now... I will tell you later!!
SCANtv has 3 new shows! Community Blog TV, Scanned Up Comedy & How to Get a Job in Seattle. Have you seen them yet?
My bday in August . Hurry up and get here !
yeah there were probably lots of people trying to sell them for big bucks and if they didn't get will go to game. my guess 15k
Baby you light up my world like nobody else. <3
"There`s only 1 threat to our religious liberties in America and its name is Barack Obama" - The 1st line I heard after turning on Fox News
Pretty sure I have a concussion
“: 7 Keys to a great relationship: friendship,love, freedom, honesty, trust, understanding, and communication.”
Yes! The cherry blossom festival started this week, so Eric's taking me out to dinner & we'll go see the pretty trees! :)
Thank you! I have so much fun working on the show.
Also, how come when we regularly tweet, we lose followers, but when we go incommunicado for 3 months we gain 85?
WOW Snookie is Prego...I see a Maury you are NOT the father episode in about a year..
I have her email..just haven't contacted her yet.
this is the power of LOVE !")
RT : So... What you're saying is water-boarding is torture, but abortion is not murder? Yeah...No.
It's actually cause is from Cleveland, but your idea is much better!
we've got 50lbs of fresh caught Alaskan salmon, 40lbs of organic beef, 6 holey boards & 30 acres. Seems like this plan should write itself.
10 days off twitter has felt like a year!
where is my friend at??
my eyebrows need my indian sista at eyebrow lounge to attack them with thread. i look like a jim henson creation.
Watching Portland and San Antonio... great comeback!
That's a sick shot by Anze Kopitar for the goal, even if Mike Smith was screened.
Have you ever seen the two of them in the same place at the same time? I'll admit Larry's not very big, but...hm...
Day 4: Amarillo, TX to Flagstaff, AZ (600 mi). Definitely a journey into new territory, this is a very beautiful part of the country though!
Following my buddy Paola :D
There's a difference between being fake and NOT LIKING YOU!!!!
Before my daughter was born our vacations were planned around microbreweries. The good old days.
Lmfao made a funny......."jam out with your clam out"!!!!!! Classic
Come see us today and get a LOVELY experience
I love Zimbabwe where do u teach I'm in GA also
You need to be moving if you want God to show you which way to go.
Buffy's place in LA reminds me of Faith's place in Sunnydale.
Also, these refs are turrible tonight
Just won $320 on the derby. "I'll have another" won the race. Once again I benefit from alcohol.
Granger was most improved player a couple of years ago now he's gonna be the player with the worst injury cause LeBron WILL splack a nigga!
is programming.
This is great! Thanks
They thought that we would think it was soo juicy but WRONG! We are grown women with actualy brains. They underestimated us.
Message to Rick Santorum: It's impossible to ban porn without banning the internet first, good luck with that.
there's crossroads on Hawthorne.
Nah just lowe's RT : Working in retail makes me realize that people are really fucking bizarre
Who has Tampico in their fridge right now? Send us a pic!
So I can't run Silverlight on Chrome, huh? That's pretty ridiculous.
Mass would greatly benefit from a cohesive community college & state university housing strategy. Target gateway cities downtowns.
I wish! Hot dog stand is outdoors in the parking lot of our office building complex.
Another fantastic summer weekend - sun, Summer Sizzle, African World Festival, & the Air and Water Show... we had a LOT of fun! Thanks MKE!
when r u goin to post ur imagines
With in french class <3
I love Wale.
your welcome have a great day :)
You go out there and you find that fucking dog!
Oh, hey guys, I have a date tonight. Guess who? my bed! mhm, we're going to sleep together tonight too.
Of course! Italia would only be in #chicago to play a match at #Wrigley while I'm already booked to visit #Boston. :(
Congrats to for Senate approval of Wendy Spencer.
Relaxing with the wife, ready for monday/tuesday practice!
I love you Austin!!!!!!<3
oh scew you jerk
Who wants to go to the Pgh Blues Festival for FREE? DM me for more info!
Im So Late But My Back Something Wrong With i Need To Go To The ER
$alute to all the blogs who posted our video on their sites we appreciate the luv ! "O.T.O.M.S"
You obviously don't have respect for yourself or your girlfriend.
RT : #JustRememberThat unlike your current girlfriend, I am not a rodent.
Wow, Halle Berry looks Amazing!
How does this MLB realignment work for you?
Then when the DJ comes on @ 1030 Dino is going to turn the lights down and we can close out St. Paddy's with a dance party.
these numbers are overwhelming.
What are the perspective on effective leadership behavior?
Thanks for the mention!
That was AMAZING
Bird's Nest - Herzog & De Meuron in China.
thanks for the follow.
tel gabi said hello
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY to my fellow gamer mommys! we are the shit! n any1 else i missed
The democracy will cease to exist when you take away from those who are willing to work and give to those who would not. ~Thomas Jefferson
I'm so perverted minded. Someone said "its so hard" referring to a math problem last week & i was rolling on the floor.
Good grief. 48.
We're shooting a NEW short film at the end o' July! Yowza'
Today’s consumers don’t just want a reliable real estate company to sell or help them buy a new home - Learn what agents don't know here htt
Follow cody simpson and alli simpson
why must I continue to close #TweetDeck in order to get it to refresh? It's about a 50-50 chance on whether or not it will refresh auto
i followed you
New moms often experience postpartum depression. If you are feeling overwelmed, sad, worried, you're not alone. Talk with your doctor.
damn it, man! go to bed before the sun rises!
#Browns trade 4 picks to move up 1 spot for Richardson. Then use another 1st rounder to take a QB when they already have McCoy?
Just Tebowed to the porcelain God
Say hello for me! Miss that place. miss the fam!
That was lame
I'm drowning in my own tears listening to #TurnToYOu beautiful song ever.. we loveyou mama<33 gonna go show my mom♥
Birth control: the ONLY pharmaceutical Republicans don't want you to purchase.
email this address () to get "Another Mistake" by Adam Sizemore & The Modern Day Players heard on 88.5 KCSN
People standing in the middle of the hallway...
wow! Twitter be hating on you big time lol
Let's go
roroxchox click the "leisure" tab, middle right of page!
So far is winning the live blog wars. I've got in 2nd. Sadly seems dead.
Show some love and write your best Blasted joke
If I wanted to hit it in 18 positions and eat u out in 9.. what would u say?
who's that fuckin wit u
Thanks again for hosting Our Voices- Diversity in Media reception- Had a fabulous time last nite!
I just discovered this little gem. Wow.
Looking forward to library book discussion today on The Art of Racing in the Rain by Garth Stein.
I'm curious to see Apple's next move. Predictions?
Ocean Gang Mobsta, it is not a problem, Young pretty nigga, but I do tote tha choppa!
Huge Shout Out to my dear friend who needs to get his hinney back to twitter to stay!! FB is too boring.., (;
Rob Swanson said you're a G !!!!
Night♥ Night♥
back where i come from, is where ill be when it's said and done!
invisaline (sp?) as good as braces?
truth to the fullest, lost two hommies recently drinking and driving. put the keys down and call the cab
Read about rescuing a woman from a house fire, then watched 's TedxTeen talk.Tomorrow I'll do something awesome,world.
People say that eyes R windows 2 the soul ~ Khaled Hosseini
It's bridal registry shopping time ooh fun... I better get gifts... Ooh that is so wrong
Who wants FREE TICKETS to the UW Badger's Women's basketball game on Sunday at 2 PM? Let me know. Feel free to RT.
Thanks for the recommendation just had Sammys Pizza in Duluth.
Gonna die. I just finished insurgent. I can't wait for the next. Ughh
you gonna watch the #STEELERS VS. #JETS GAME? JETS R GOING DOWN!!! #blackandyellow :)
Heh heh. :-D Glass half-empty vs. half-full: What does the Big Society have against completely full glasses?
Also worth noting which party obstructs entitlement reform and insists Medicare and Social Security can continue 'as is.'
@ Monday nite raw-r truth thinks he's n green bay.LOL
last episode of glee with my idol <3 been a good run, as they say in show business. can't wait to see what she moves on to!
I dunno my costumes are pretty interesting RT : Be me for Halloween. People will find you more interesting.
NEWAUKEE SOCIAL EVENT STARTING AT 6 PM, $5 Red & White Wines, $3 Taps Bud Light Miller Light & Point, $5 Apps all night & $4 Skyy Bombs
#IfSheCant handle her liquor - ima treat her like just another flipper
you were in Philly...of course! I'll be up that way NEXT week!
I like u in da movie too u where about to set it off lol
Agreed the #LAWind is roaring tonight, not feeling so great about my windows holding up, they're rattling like crazy!
Just vaccumed an cleaned out 2 cars. Fulfillment
Bro date with
Anybody else find Kari from MythBusters sexy?
Prom Tonight........IMA BE TURNT UP TONIGHT ALL THE WAY
I'm actually in Austin Tx...
Hey Joe...how's you career coming along at 33 Across. Just wanted to check in and see what exciting things your up to. KP
The hardest part of coming back home after a vacation is _______________________. (I have way too many things I could say.)
*Wrapping the rope around 's right wrist, binding it to her ankle, then moving over doing the same with her left* Mighty fine.
It costs $1635 to keep a youth on probation for a year. It costs us one-third of that to divert them instead - leaving them with no record!
Black churches start sunday & dont let out till next Sunday. Long!!
Tune into before the top of the next hour. Tom Wanderer will interview the legendary Uli John Roth (Scorpions, Electric Sun). 91.7 FM!
how have u been hun?
Thanks for the great content!
Such a good day :)
have aztecs shown interest in elijah brown?
... The hit-and-run was on the 13th not yesterday. I know I know, but facts are cool too. Terribly tragic.
Happy Friday! please visit our website www.opalgroup.net to see a list of our upcoming conferences.
i'll add that to the menu...
Don't worry about tomorrow. Whatever you need, God will provide you with. If you ask in faith believing, God will fill your needs.
That sucks, they were good. :/ I heard about DRUGS. WHY MUST BANDS BREAK UP WHEN THEY'RE GOOD?!
If I won the lottery, I would pay someone to play with my hair all day.
Very Nice Video. I think you got the leg of in the video. Thanks again to
Who's up for a #snowball fight in #Milwaukee today? Great packing snow.
OMG. Just take the bizir away from me
husband<3 i love you
I got bottles and ashes every where : Omg I need to clean my room
thanks for the tweet Nisi! Got your email & sent a reply. Will look at my calendar & let you know.
why does it have to be so cold right now?
I hear you JBB!!!
Rail mail #haiku for Poetry Month: Shrieking train whistle / Quick sorting, sorting, sorting / Cozy, warm mail bag
I am aware that success is more than a good thought. It is timing too.
RT #YouKnowICareWhen I reply to any of the following... K Lol Lmao Cool Iight Alright Haha Ok Yea Oh : )
I cannot believe how early it is
Did "A Serious Man" get anything? At least the Dude abides...
You were saying....
Sean Putman, outside Detroit watching basketball
Same Here Love.. Never give up!!
soo i have to say ur the hottest guy on the high school edition on #1girl5gays.... Absolutely love u
im on my period. don't talk to me unless your One Direction.
San Ysidro Port of Entry is closed due to a collapse of construction scaffolding. Traffic being redirected to Otay Mesa Port of Entry.
Waiting for HP aamfdjfdyebdjkslxx!!!!!
Well I'm tired but I'm going to stay up:))) did so much today...uhh
same i be seein yu after skool by perry.. I miss ya goofy ass
I set trends apparently. More importantly I'M BOOT FREE NOW!
always loves to party! And Minneapolis loves us some CM!
#kids Dallas Heritage Village accepting Junior Historian applications through May 11 at Dallas Heritage Village at Old City Park, Fri,...
I'm doin well too! Just keeping busy :) what have you been up to? Miss ya!!
Fucking Crawford, make a fucking save, Jesus Christ. Dont expect him to see another season in Chicago
Excited for the #solosummer, starting with lunch @ restaurant by myself during the workday, enjoying my free birthday meal and a good book!
Bright side :)
. Not saying hate speech isn't protectable speech, but can't just assume it is because of a slogan or slippery slope
That awkward moment when you just know that 's next #OVEREXPOSED2011 vid is gonna be bitchin about "That awkward moment when"
yeah it was so funny. Glasses and everything. I bet he would LOVE to see you! Hahaha
did the eagle scouts have a badge for lying too?!?!? you must've gotten many
I know. It's too ridiculous to be true, but unfortunately it is.
Your performance on Day 3 was magical. Totally worth the heat stroke!!!!
#Houston come in and get ur crawfish on for $5.95 a lb here at plus got some seriously gorgeous waitstaff!
ugghhhhhhh wanna move there so bad!
You've been dating for a day, you aren't in love, shut up.
i fucking hate big sisters sometimes!
How does it Work real time ..Well U R the Boss What you say goes But, endless unseen enemies undermine U passive aggressive Ppl gnaw at U
Good Night!!
#LetsGoHeat let's get another 30 point lead
Note to self: do not forget to eat when celebrating 's bday. And next year wear a helmet.
Today's Question: Which is the only U.S. state to produce coffee?
Nothing says "goodnight aaron" like a whataburger chocolate shake
Showers are the only thing that wakes me up
I can neither confirm or deny my involvement.
A 3 year old boy was shot in the head while inside his Minneapolis home last night. Police need help to find the shooter.
Presenting and Tabling at Navigator AFAM Conference in Baltimore. Highlights soon to come!
Probably not going to California after all.
Watching NinjaGO with my nephews. :)
love twitter
I like cereal c:
Good to hear! RT : had a good time at :3
The #Aztecs have a small lead 14-11 as we head to a media timeout
another amazing film: TRUE GRIT (Coen Bros. version)
Good nights = Good Mornings
RT So awesome...living your dream....
welcome back. We missed u!
Rainy Seattle night airport shuttle, blues on the radio.
not really, not at all.
boo! I think Sbux tastes like mud - just talking straight coffee, not specialty drinks. Caribou is good, but there isn't one close...
M.... irradiated eggs.
I dont know what to do..... Im confused...... I dont want to hurt her feelings but.....aaghhhh dammit
they look terrible
Just lost 12 hours to three different help desks....turns out my host "daddy" was bad, but wouldn't admit it! All is better now.
My dog just triple-dog-dared me to eat a brown banana. Sure wish she didn't talk so much.
kiss of death
M biRria & cHaVeLaS...! love the diversity 0f my faMiLy....!!
yea, coulda done without the details. Cops wrangled someone, so we're moving again.
Andre 3000 or Eminem?
im am a little bit too. indy is riding high from game 2 and made that comeback and keeping this lead
Thank you for your work in pet hospice--so needed...think I've told you we have a hospice partner in Pueblo, but hoping for more!
Thanks for including me in your Paper.li today - nice to be among such great media minds!
I really appreciate being included in all your #FF lists. Thanks you guys! :D
FLOW ME IN THERE TOO! I FOLLOW BACK!
Hi , Plz DM us & provide an email address for an exciting (non-spam) opportunity centered around #Cloud in San Francisco. Thnx!
HAHA OMG AW ! when i was little i tried to make my cats look pretty by dressing them up in my baby clothes :)
It's national take your kid to work day. Does that apply to college students?
The things some people do. Smh...only in Arizona!
#ThankYouCody for sharing your life with us! We can't tell you how much it means to us!
Watching "It's a Wonderful Life" and trying my best not to cry like I always do.
that's a badass idea. Let's do it. What city?
I barely have days off to even use it. I can't wait until summer.
Looking forward to meet today at NU "Feeding Boston, the view from the Front Lines"
whoa now I hear that pimpin lol
Goin to the movies goin to c roommate with and more friends my boy friends gonna be there (:
The WMSE website, inlcuding streaming audio, will be down all day on Friday, April 6th for campus-wide tech upgrades. Back up on Saturday
What other shows would you like to be on?
you guys are kidding right??? Lol
Just finished eating the best lunch prepared especially for me this morning by
Pretty sure Tyler Perry's muse or Medea almost just hit my car
I cant stand when people talk about otha people dressin skills when they cant even dress their damn self! I b like didnt u see wat u had on?
Well howdy!
RT: “I really don’t care for easy-to-understand language.” - No one, ever. #confab12 | I don't think this could be said any better.
Ocean gang or drown lol
Never Say Goodbye To Lea no :')
Sometimes I see a completely normal word and freak out about how peculiar it is.
I ran five miles today. Finally I had to say OK Lady here's your purse back. (thanks to Charley)
Haha, don't blame you there (:
Isn't musical drama the best way to tell ANY story?
#Gym #Shower #Bed goodnight!
The iEconomy: Apple, America and a Squeezed Middle Class
er..,maybe you'll get Bulls games on WGN.
BIG TIME Congrats on your successful Q1!!
what's sitting on your shoulder waiting to lift off?
Happy birthday to and early birthday to We have lots of reasons to celebrate tonight
Thank you all for all your continued support!
It's funny as hell!
Just now seeing this. Thanks, love <3
Two choices. Go pick mommy or go to the park. "um go the park" hahahahahahhaahhaa
I kicked some major ASS at my third callback audition today for a low budget film! Let's see what happens! :)
Baltimore, Maryland Weather :: 78F Fair: 78F Fair
Is "Thickly Settled" a New England thing?
Now it's 5am. This was not my intention...... lol
see last tweet. Seems to be on indefinite hiatus.
Sorry! I decided to create a separate one just for food. But you can continue to follow for personal tweets
yeah I remember those days, you told me " KEEP YA PIMP HAND STRONG YOUNGBLOOD"
Will remember not too push ourselves TOO hard :-)
So....anyone else mad about the #Greys finale last night?
Did I miss the Milwaukee Burger Wars air date? Now that I eaten at both and , I have a favorite.
RT goodmorning my tweets >good morning
i might upload some videos of the Rammstein concert tomorrow.
Wife tells me 2 act my age...come on babe I'm
For you, I'd deliver coffee and flowers. :)
it is #Vagtastic!! Hanks is superb.
Seriously how many brazilians can one place house? #areyouallrelated?
I really should have brought something to read while proctoring this exam.
yes, thank you!
ALL DAM. She jus disrespected a PIMP. Lmao
Ah one phone call can make this girl happy!
What your favorite hobbies? (other than #studying of course)
That was great. Tapped into my sociolinguistic past.
What is the best book on Branding? The Brand Gap by Marty Neumeier is a fave of mine.
According to Siracha Hot Chili Sauce, the translation to Spanish for "hot dog" is "Perros calientes".
i bet that guy is you. And i need that kinda guy (; <3
Niall is perfection.
Its been fun watching you play. Good luck in what I hope is a long and successful NFL career. Hope you land with the Chargers!
Wishart chloe moretz and Mo0se ouTlaw are fakes chloe does not live in canada it says chloe lives in united states
Gym, gonna kill it
So, what is a hyperchondriac?
I just read your post on this "weird" sort of friendship. So cute!
tryna sell your watch ?
KODAK Keep making 35mm motion picture film stock for us film directors...
just ordered my subscription today--can't wait for my free gym bag!! miss you SF!!!
"gone in 60 seconds".
#Giovanni opening night - luckily I get to watch rather than have my head buried into the score!
im well working hard is all
The struggle is real.
What's the range of a tuba? About twenty yards, if you have a good arm.
Bud Selig is alive and well, just saw him eating lunch @ Gilles in Milwaukee, Wisconsin
GUYS 's fish committed suicide
tweet me names for dear_____? (:
last weekend with the family before the season!
If art doesn't make us better, then what on earth is it for
bo. I hope they meet again in the tournament.
“Don't start a company unless it's an obsession… if you have an exit strategy, it's not an obsession.” –
#littlemonsters Let's help get the 200th follower. Paws up! ("") ("")
69% of people will find something sexual in a Tweet
Quintilian~ Nothing can be pleasing which is not also becoming.
what up
#nyy #yankees Have EVERY player on the team learn how to BUNT, and then execute at the appropriate time... LIKE WHEN YOUR DOWN 3 BOTTOM 8
no idea "Hula Hoops" were potato chip/rings. I need some of that please. :)
i agree...totally. He hasn't been the answer. At all
As marketers we must constantly strive to exceed our customer expectations. Create the "WOW" moment.
Thinking of dying my hair my natrual color or keep the same color , or ombre ? Ahh hmm hm ...
Blah blap jus wanted to tweet
Rain is on the way. Scattered shower activity can be expected within the next few hours. Strong storms possible tonight through Wed.
Be sure to come by the booth #1503 for a chance to win a $25 gift card & a new #Dell XPS laptop -
Am I the only one on my street who dosnt have their christmas lights up yet?
Be impeccable with your word
I hate when Ppl judge me.and dont kno me
Aw, gee, thanks!
#asknathan What do you like better the UK or USA? x
thought you were gonna respond w/ "Vienna"
we need a group of crazy people now!
Stress free feeling > liver cancer
on top of that she said buy food NOT WEED
Allergies allergies allergies :(
PBS on in background w/ documentary on foundations of Catholicism. Don't know who this presenter priest is, but he knows jack abt history.
White frames With Black Ears.
Well I finally have made my decision for American Idol....SHANNON MAGRANE!!
This week at Disco Volante #Oakland our special guest will be LaTiDo featuring Edgardo Cambon from Uruguay
u r cruel.
your tje kid kid 
Even though its Mother's Day i really don't feel like dealing with my family.
Happy Valentine's Day!
I haven't talked to this kid in 3 years and he's callin me his baby ?
RT : I'm Learning To Embrace My Hair More And More Everyday...
Worked out some jokes at Ace Hotel. Thanks for the most fun and ETHNIC mic. 3 other Asian girl comics, really? That's a first
Is that a swarm of bees in the square gym? Nah- it's just my buzzins getting ready for that '12-'13 season.
Find Wooly in the arena right now and say the phrase "Coyle". First to do so - sweet keepsake!
Holy crap, a name, a detailed overview of events...by golly I believe we have a film competition on our hands!
what's up??
has any one ever told you your a great liar? <3 x
AU Windows users interested in citation management: EndNote X5 is now available for free through the MyAU portal. Mac users: such no luck :(
[something clever]
No champagne? No sekt? No prosecco?
Lesson of the day: Don't get a french manicure right before you cook for your dinner party.
Smooth week :3
Good things come... RT : Cannot wait for to take the stage !
Howay the lads indeed good sir! 5th is still an amazing achievement!!! Above Chelski and Liverpool :-D!
NOPE! Never scratched!
Just finished watching "The Cabin in the Woods" thats a tripy movie ... wow
Do not waver...do not flip flop...do not blink...do not sleep...do not eat dog...do not spend thee unborn's not yet made money...
Thanks - will do!
I have never been happier about a busted bracket
shipping to ur country for home button is like 1-2 dollars. No sorry no LCD by itself
The article I just read was good...SO true the world does need more #OPRAH'S
Ancestry.com Rules!
haha oh really? ive seen it thousands of times! (x You like it?
I DO TOO
Does anyone know of a dog-friendly summer sublet in SF? I found an inlaw unit, but it's not ready yet. Thanks!
I bet this scandal opens the door to a Mary-Matthew reconciliation. I just want to know how it all turns out!!
Yep. When I throw a tantrum, I don't script it first. I just let it go.
If someone brought me a cherry limeade right now I'd love them.
I ain't gotta talk! people will say it for me! even Rosetta Stone....
check ur email
there's just a little box there...oh and
so sorry on the wrong twitter handle!!!
'no matter how hard other try to fix themselves just to look good,if they carry out fake personality they are still UGLY..goodevening!.
Yes, it has dual mono-track 3.1 inputs. I think phantom power will be enabled by its release.
Can't wait, I felt so spoiled at the preview dinner. See you tomorrow.
thoughts on where carlton mitchell fits into receiver depth chart when healthy?
he is not "tripping" lol
today has just been the best.
Loved seeing you and tonight. MUAH!
Words to live by RT : When you are always intending to be of service, you will never run out of ideas, or content.
Sometimes I question the direction of my life... like when I get 'personalized' emails from careerbuilder re: U-Haul is Interested in YOU
aw,you look like a #Gentlemen I LOVE YOU AUSTIN!!!!
Pocket listing in Tiburon coming soon for rent in Marin : $6,500 4bd with a pool. Email Darcy to schedule your sneak preview!
he's one piece of shit
good idea!!
It was a nice moment. It's more than meeting first, like she said. I think this is for real.
Starting to add a little Green Tea to me diet. I'm starting to feel a little like a 'Buddhist-Hippy' from Portland now.. ;)
#GoBucksGo! #BeMilwaukee! Happy Birthday Coach Skiles! Get the win ! #Beat76ers Defense Defense!! Mke fans great, Phl fans NOT!
well its nice to meet you. i dont give out personel information though.
Plans are inert and useless without sufficient power to translate them into action. ~Napoleon Hill
uh, does that make "stealing" second base illegal??
"Pass the Mic" would definitely make my top 5. "So What'cha Want" is also a damn good track, and would probably make my top 10.
hate school!
Sometimes I can hear my bones straining under the weight of all the lives I'm not living.
He who loves not wine, women and song remains a fool his whole life long. Martin Luther, 1777
Now watching Savoring Harlem on great special about the amazing food history & restaurants there yum!
Why am I not hearing about more events for ? Come on, Pittsburgh. Let's put Pittsburgh on the map in the beer world!
Indianapolis, we are playing at The Vogue Jan 20 with The Lemonheads. We have pre-sale tickets so please email us at
This dude said he got only 20 50 and 100s I looked right down at his shoes and smh
First iPad tweet! Thank you! You rock!
Sally should text me &d keep me companY :) *hint hint*
The Grand Lodge has availability this summer for indoor & outdoor meetings, picnics, birthday parties and more! Call 503.992.9530 for info.
What did you do?
Just had an edge of my seat ride watching the new show #Touch....it's a must see. Better than 24!
Pounding out a short story for a contest right now. Deadline is Saturday! Putting my trust in deadline-induced brilliance right now.
hahaha mines a reference to someone haha but I'm also listening to it
“: great hope u r doing something fun! #BBNFam” <-- Lots of fun stuff for sure! Hope yours was great too!
fog of war, king of kong
Love the Chan Man! Forgotten God is a great study!
Hey guys hows your day going? :] just got home from my friend's house. It was really fun! :D
Hahahahha like, eighties cotton stirrups? :x
It hasn't even been a week and I'm already heading back to Fayetteville. I miss it.
you are welcome Mike - hope you have an amazing week outdoors!
Srsly? Google scans look like crap compared to those done by
Hey I heard you were a wild one
||-+~| G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
Helping a friend that means the world to me
Working hard. How about you?
thank you :)
let me know next week if yall do lol
We're looking for fresh, original talent.
didn't think quitting smoking would be this hard on me but my throat hates me even more right now lol
*no car RT : I want a new car.
Finshed Book Drift, writing a review for Out In Jersey Magazine. Excellent book, thanks Rachel.
RT : "No man ever listened himself out of a job." - Calvin Coolidge via
The Crimson Armada AND August Burns Red new stuff today!!i think soo!!;D
will serve as Executive Director for next year and will serve as Communications Director.
having been on the ticket-receiving end of that while in college, I agree. Though, marginally. Seattle PD are a joke.
If you live in #Oklahoma and have #naturalhair contact for a consult and/or natural hair care products.New store coming soon!
Haha oh I am totally with you man :-P. I can never remember to take a water container with me anymore.
700th goes out to my suite that i miss so much and love so dearly
Nah. I get a #BeautyandtheBeast feel since I watched the original series back in the 80s. Kids today. ;-)
#Chip just ran the #blur offense on the media less than 12 hours from start to end
and I should do a song together...I just gotta learn how to rap first
Love this is so wonderful!!!!!!♥♥
EORZ might be one to watch.....
wednesday means it's closer to the weekend!!
who has better tailgates? BC fans on Shea Field or DCU fans on Potomac?
bout to go to sleep u?
Yr interview made me want to read it again.
because you butted into my convo lol
and your in michigan. gotta support anything thats in the mitten (usually)
- where is that?
Twitter needs a URatchetAssBitch
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new. ~Albert Einstein
dude I'm trying to cram everything into these hours. All the best to you. Blessed week bro.
I hate the twitter app, it's so confusing. That's why I use Echofon xD
Demi Lovato Goes Blonde for X Factor Announcement
#POTUS has mentioned many times that teachers in South Korea are often referred to as "Nation Builders".
I Pulled Up In That Lam, Niggas Say I Disrespect Em
Well, only threw 38 because of Byrd, Ross, et al. But yeah, it's...unfortunate.
Just checked into a room in Indy that I got on Hotwire an hour ago. Same hotel the #patriots stayed at. I'm paying $85 w/tax. They paid....
Or should I go to Youngstown?
What Makes You Beautiful on the radio is an amazing way to start a horrible day 😃😃😃😃😒
You're very welcome (:
wishes XPN existed in DC. WDYT?(what do you think?)
yes we're "across the pond" too bad the Concord isn't flying any more, you could make it here to enjoy the great show and weather
Hey boys do you think Ryan Grant ends up on an NFL Roster this year?
"Chronicle" Director Josh Trank in Talks For Sony’s "Venom" Director Josh Trank, whose low-budget found-footage superpower film "Chronicl
you're sexy
RT : has a gr8 blog #PublicDiplomacy, Branding, and the differences in USC Center on |...
I am ready for gin, wings and baseball.
Finally got mah charger back been using some crappy one :P
Can I sing in the shower with ya?....
:D Thanks!
CHOOSE TO FOLLOW YOUR HEART...BE CHOOSEY!!!
Going to see #mikeepps dwn at the arena tonight :)
Still at work. Missing drinks and trash talking with soo sad
I like how some Women say "Men only pick the Crazy Chicks!" ..like we saw her Keying up a Niggas Car & said "Can I get yo #"
watching criminal minds... I'm going to have nightmares for sure.
I love my friends, but I miss you!
RT : Mighty fine, unless you're VMware today.
Life is a mystery to be lived, not a problem to be solved
McHale on #Conan tonight, if you need to catch the rerun.
watch out for crazy girls dressing like they are at the club
hi ;* and okey witch you ?
Making dirty rice for dinner!
how do we become a Suggested Page on Jumo? Our supporters are having issues finding us on Jumo.
I'd rather lose a game that isn't worth a ACC Title than lose the ACC Title game haha
Heyy Madison can you follow back.!?(: #followback #TeamNikolette ;D
Arron - 180k x2 Back Squat ... the race between he and Adam is ON for the 180 x 3!
OH those base on balls !!!!!
We can't wait to be on MusicVox one week from today!
I seriously don't like this "probation" thing at all smhh
hey! I just looked at your video...it was great! How are you? “: whassssupppp”
Not sure when V-note opened, but it is good!
#itsTimeForYouToRealize that I am no longer a child . I love you and I'm 10000% sure about that. I fucking love you punk :-*
Life without love is a shadow of things that might be.
Why is Khloe the greedy Kardashian? She makes me keep up with her while also watching her take BOTH New York and Miami...gah!
Better QB in the next 2 years, Rodgers,Cutler or Rivers? I'll take Rodgers. More weapons to work with!!
The mind is everything. What you think you become. - Buddha
just let me know #babycakes and im there!
"I really fucked it up this time, didn't I my dear"
#lsuua LSU is manhandling Arkansas ...except on 3rd down. Cmon chavis! Stop waiting for the 2nd half to blitz!
Below The Brim is steel designing & redesigning its scene for animation
how bout this senior seminar jury duty
The only thing worse than a cold toilet seat is a warm one.
what you talking about? The truck guy? Late reply! :p
"This place isn't When Harry Met Sally it's When Harry Met Salmonella" -Max The Best Episode Yet!
Amazing I'm sure-what did you have?
Happy Mama's Day to my wonderful mom and to all the mothers out there! :)
Know of any good sublet apt. deal in NYC Hell's Kitchen or theater district for couple starting in August, 9 mos.-1 yr. or so? DM me if so.
movies with my bruderr:)
but seriously your beautiful && we do need to hangout more!
Someone #downtown tried to give me a #sandwich. I said "I'm not #homeless I'm a #hipster."
I'm pretty sure she hid my baby's blankie... he deserved it though
would it really be a shock though?
had to start my acting career somewhere
Wednesday, do you want to do this the easy way, or the hard way?
Printing out some of my old scores from an ancient Macintosh. Sure am glad it booted up & works after all these years.
Frozen pizza and movies. So nice just having a chill night.
you such a lier !!!
Great to meet on the set!
Ask 2000 learning professionals who is in love with their lms, nobody is apparently
How about hitting the Fuji for lunch today and taking a bottle of our famous salad dressing home with you?
Lol oh okay, carry on then.
Don't know what to tweet.
Just watched a guy drop his fruit cup before having his first bite. Not a great way to start the day.
SHE BLINDED ME WITH SCIENCE
Jeremy Lin slightly tore his meniscus
There's nothing like getting out of the house earlier than normal and eating over 20 minutes for the bus.
Just don't put on sunglasses...you would resemble the unibomber!!
Tryna get it n put my shit up
There might have not been any fireworks but the food was banging
Close. I have a ramekin filled with Cadbury Mini Chocolate Eggs.
can not wait for the #BELIEVE tour. You work soo hard and we all appreciate it all.
You're ma nigga, you're ma brotha, you're ma friend, promise that you'll hold me down until the end
Man this hurts. The #Brewers #Cubs series is a battle to stay out of last place. Ouch!
Checks under Brettman's duvet. Nope, you're safe as houses.
and I are such kidsters. :)
Glenn is part Irish, did you know that? Come on up to SkyLounge tonight and celebrate with us!
It's never too early to start thinking about happy hour. Stop in between 4-7pm for drink specials and half-priced select appetizers.
Green tigers: new research shows protecting forests will deliver new economic boom for Southeast Asia
there's a guy I can't stop thinking about. But, not that I feel like I can't live without.
Fuck A Bad Bitch That Aint Faithful I Rather Stay Faithful To These $Green Faces$ In My Pocket Cause They Know How To Treat Me Right $$$$$
ur an amazing basketball player but I could def beat you at madden
You're the best!
I texted you, you didn't answer, I feel stupid.
There is still time to resign your lease! Make sure to talk to the front desk or call 612-703-RENT
somebody better pass along the memo that #24 needs to get the ball EVERY possession in the half court. My lord this is ugly
I know how you feel with missing everything... I spend the day with the inlaws and missed it all... Oh well.
Thanks so much Ken.
Is it your phone vibrating or mine?
Overall this was one of 's best #SOTU Addresses. A definite A-. Solid content and humility but a bit to much saber rattling.
I could only imagine...we are neighbors lol
Can’t wait for the #BreakfastofChamps to start on the Hill! The crowd is excited to hear from emcee !
I can't wait to have my book release party. It's go be fun.
Please follow and DM us your account info and we will have support review your server.^CS
Yall should obv post a lair pic at some point
trying to hold on to the last days of march. april is coming too soon
Tune in right now for a beautiful piece composed by our guest !
my stipulation is that they write the song about me haha
Thanks for the follow all! Have a great weekend!
Time to let off some steam by playing NHL with
Sketchers is the best so far.
Follow artist and check out his blog at www.miracle16.com
Jeanna, thank you for following. I am sending you a direct message.
Nice picture, beautiful people, great occasion!!!
wow this is crazy
ha...awesome. thanks!
“: RT : Sorry, Leo. You're unreal, but Xavi is the best player in the world. << Here, here.”- seconded
Aww, thanks. You're are the best.
yet still not scrapped... “: Bravo's new "Gallery Girls" reality show renamed "Modern Girls"”
“: hey mama! How are you?”hello lady! How's u're injury, all better? I'm good--see u at Blogfest?
:D MT : New plan. Finish downloading 's section of kickstarter vid, edit it , upload it @ church.
I hear a lot of G rap in your flow, as well. Thought I'd throw that in there.
i feel like a looser staying home on a friday night.
scheduled to work the first weekend in March.
Happy Friday! Rock out this weekend!
it wnt take long u bild head n e ways n aw look at my sis her so cute n her avi ;-)
Piiff, you're throwing your life away. Big data is something you might be playing with really soon here....
secret circle got cancelled Faack you television people. Cant you cut of actually stupid shows?
I thought it was going to be a body! lol
Who gon stop me huh?
A Successful Woman is One Who Can Lay a Firm Foundation wit the Bricks that Others Throw at Her,Keep Throwing & She Will Continue to Build<3
Totally true - nothing beats face-to-face. Is it ok to tweet that?
Theres This Curly Hair Dude At The Gym! :D Ah remind Me Of Harry (:
After a bad season in the #NFL, the two most popular people on any team will always be the next #headcoach and the backup
five star notebooks and trapper keepers were so #cool10yearsago that I want to buy one right now out of respect
A Few More Bank Security Questions via
I dont think the #Packers uni's changed one thread. Even the waist of the pants is the same, all other teams have different pants.
Its a good idea to have the 'eccentric' vy on nfln?
Hi Bradley - what level of play are you looking for?
miss you!
Freewritten will be sick.
the fact that Osama is dead doesn't mean terrorism and war are over, don't get fooled people
agree with you there. I like the shoot out, but don't like to see what happened to the
Ugh my satellite is out because of the storms. My power will be next!
To A Hell Of A Great One Yourself!
Why these ugly heat fans get rowdy and rude af UGH
...Times of Grace (members of Killswitch Engage), Colour Revolt, You Hang Up (w/ Frankie Muniz), and many more! www.minervamusicfest.com
I never sleep, cause sleep is the cousin of death
Happy mid-week to all! Just a few more days till we ring in 2012! Looking forward to a great year!
Thank you to everyone who placed an order during the weekend blitz party!
Auuuuggghhhh! It was only a couple of flipper babies!
where is Gene Simmons restaurant?!
When were you there?
Roommate: hahhahahahaha, sorry, I keep forgetting that you are deformed when I see you
Leaving MD soon to visit long distance girlfriend in OH. Thing I'm looking forward to most? Trying out First-Meal. -JO
Yes, please!
Going to the Dome today 4 the Falcon's game...can't wait...should be a good one. Rise Up, Dirty Birds!
Happy Father's Day to all the dads from all of us at Teasatia.com. Unwind everyday with a cuppa tea!
must have BB apps: quick pull, berry buzz, uber twitter. DL from crackberry.com
Magnificent Trimmings Releases Chandelier Crystals with a MAGNETIC TIP!
At least I didn't have to share this damn school bus seat with anyone. I'm glad I don't look more approachable.
about to watch 127 Hours. pretty much ready to be not surprised
will do man, most likely this summer!
#oomf has geek hair phahaha I wanna meet him(:
Oh, my mistake! Early here :)
Robbie Earle: "we don't mind how they go in, as long as they go in."
every adversity brings an equal or greater opportunity, knowing this is half the battle won. AS
jc your so freaking luck i have been trying for like 2 months to get justin bieber to follow me! lol and please follow me
According to the news, San Diego has the highest gas prices in the country. Why??
Wanna pull my hair out today
Self-regulation is overrated. People should try regulating multiple selves. Much more fun.
There you are. I guess just something wonky with my feed. All we needed was to start talking I guess.
I just realized I stuck an extra "a" in there. Oh ,my speedy fingers :-)
yo u tryin to go to the street league
Extremely impressed by the National History Day papers that I'm reading for tomorrow's competition!
One highlight of today: finally meeting in person! She's a
Holy crap am I tired! And my feet hurt!! How are you?
Be awesome to team up for the next Looking to benefit Seattle food banks.
i hope that chooses me to have a #GladeParty so i can share a smell-good house with friends and family!!
#BGC Dam that looks like 1 mess of a reunion! And I am totally upset Perez isn't hosting it!
fever claim you too lol
I'd like to try and make it!!!
ECLISSE SYNTESIS® Ideal for those who love minimal interior design, the new Syntesis® collection by Eclisse includes sliding systems and
Lmao! Damn they gonna make me leave my nati ice? Thats a strong statement. Omw to store b4 I shower
s/o 2oo :) nice twitcon, have a great day tomorrow, sweet dreams, & goodnight :)
I no this may sound stupid but what's diggy twitter
I have to pee.
I put my mom gift on her bed , I wonder if she opened it right now
Too funny Renegade!!
I LOVE MYSELF!!!!!(hopefully not too much, save some for tommorrow)
56 yeas ago Rosa Parks was arrested for refusing to give up her seat to a white man. A quiet courageous act that changed America.
Agreed! It's been mine for months now.
Or...couldn't we just ask? :)
Eavesdropped on production meeting in cafe. Boldly introduced myself. Producer sent me nice email!
should follow me. Cause I'm cool, like them.
Raftery and Lundquist have already talked about Jimmy Buffett concerts and eye prescriptions so far. Next up, senior discounts at Denny's?
going to the avengers! all are welcome
PUPPIES AT MARSH!!!
on tv telemundo network .:D and you?
+1 RT : Something about Monday really fires me up. Feels like a new beginning, a chance to build and create. Let's go.
We recommend sake bombs :) RT : Sushi and Kirin Ichiban at with and two fine ladies
wow Craigslist is poppin with braiders. I am not about that high-end salon braids life so thanks!
Try more, failure is only an illusion.
Great Easter ! :') Thankyou God for keeping me healthy and safe.
We are closed today - hopefully everyone enjoying the 4th of July!
I'm the one that always has to squeeze btw the kiddos~! lol
The moment Justin Bieber follows you on
Next up, john does an interpretive dance about the importance of sleep. Join me wont you? Next on Circus Brain Theater
The way to stop repeating the cycle is to learn from it and then do differently. ~Natasha Caesar
Ernest Hemingway on writing: Sometimes it comes easily & perfectly; sometimes it's like drilling rock & then blasting it out w/ charges.
Come on, North Carolina. I don't mess with your shit. Why mess with mine?
At Rockfish with my wife enjoying drinks and food on the patio after yard work. 74F
Big Business and the Oil companies are not going to give us our country back we have to take it back by demanding REAL POLITICAL REFORM.
Happy Friday Twitter Pals!!!
Are you a U.D. Alumni?
Wait til I get my money right...
Favorite compliment: "I wouldn't have guessed that you used to be shy."
Not this season. We aren't allowed to pop the canopies until the morning. Pros and cons of the new reserved spot rules.
Relationships are meant for two. But there's always that one hoe who doesn't know how to count.
why are you so dressed up today ..
Yep, I see it now.
We standardized most campus names to be formatted that way for launch. Can possibly change in coming weeks - hope that's ok!
Some are better than others w/r/t addressing research as ongoing & complicated. I encourage recognition of our ignorance.
It's official: Facebook files IPO
I'M SO CONFUSED
Good morning. Hope you all have a great day. :-)
I think the same asshole who taught my nightmare class is this semester is teaching my mgmt. class this fall.
I totally love Sherlock! Benedict Cumberbatch is so cool.
Goin to The Haven tonight to see Dropa Stone and Faethm.
Earthquake in northern Anne Arundel County
Beauty will save the world!
Dance, dance, otherwise we are lost.
As she's a 200-year-old amnesiac Martian cyborg bounty hunter, her body is super plastic and changeable.
Thanks for spreading the news about Jennifer's post Destry!
#mythoughtsatschool , im hungry.
You need to look within. Set your personality right. Just take care of yourself, the world will take care of itself.
its true. and i want some ;(
My favorite new fake word: RT I wanna discuss something with someone. But someone is being undiscussionable! Stupid someone.
Just finished an interesting project in #printed circuit board interconnects.
Joe Blanton: "This is the best I've felt mechanically and physically since 2007. Honestly." -- Matt Gelb ()
seriously you're lucky!! this is girl is flawless!!! :O
But I'm sure it will be AWESOME.
That;s how I feel about twitter. Don't actually know anyone. I've met all my facebook friends.
Our state is n Highest Risk BUT Debi in n the Highest of that!! PRAYERS!
You're love never ending, You're grace never failing, redemption Is calling us home. You are making all things new
Ryan Anderson finally finds a three!
great day
you were right fire stuff yesterday
So tired haven't slept all night and school starts in a lil bit
looking foward to this test in my biology class getting ready fo class shi my ankle hurts
Girl Scout cookie orders arrive here today. My order of 8 boxes might be a little excessive.
I liked it a lot! She knows how to put on a show.
Do some Neil Peart drum covers! :P
is looking for 3 people to review restaurants/bars, movies/music, and concerts for a new segment on our radio show.
Happy birthday
i think your icon's gorgeous.
I'm about to put For the Fallen Dreams new song on repeat and go to sleep!
As I figured, told you to f'me.
crazy cold outside if u dont have to leave stay home warm in your bed :)
has over 900 fans! How soon until we can get to 1,000?
For once, I just wish you'd care about what I want and stop thinking about what you want and looking at all the negatives.
Pet peeve: people doing lat pulldowns behind their neck
hey is your meeting near downtown Boston?
nothing worth having EVER comes easy...
Body wraps coming soon.... Stay tuned for details.
oh no that's not classy at all tell that bitch to close them legs, we don't needa see tunaflap
"As you trollers know - a LOT of hoochies are discontinued." <3 sentence
I have a smallish swarm of honey bees in my yard in Anderson Twp. Does anyone collect them?
Happy New Year from Massage Envy Spa Cottonwood! Start the new year off right with a massage and facial! 505-922-0202
Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas > 😂
Think I will sunbathe in my livingroom. Just doing my part to increase the albedo effect here in the PNW.
did you try massaging that area?
I wish you and I could talk one more time about it.
Killer leg training days can equal great pain hours later, just ask Jerry about it after his intense leg training...
Use to sell dem bags. Now im sellin swagg
Memorial Weekend is just around the corner! For promotions & price quotes in Miami on Memorial Weekend, contact us here:...
Missionaries 100 years ago had great mustaches.
Thanks! Are you going to the Union v. Schalke game by chance? That's why I'm coming.
Big S/O to for comin to
Just joined Pinterest. Cooks, how do you use it? For finding recipes and/or cooking inspiration? Is it better for mains or desserts? Help!
Last night after rehearsal it was so nice to see the #dtla streets packed with so many art lovers for #artwalk. Were any of you there?
For all of the Peyton Manning speculations, no one saw Vick & Asomugha signing w/ the Eagles. Expect the unexpected.
I'm never around because I enjoy my own company #JustBeingHonest - XavierLT.com
don't forget the BBQ
I've been at #Expotential 10 min and I'm already a mess! Powerful stories being shared!!!
I have the rare and humble pleasure to be receiving a copy of Galaxy Express 999 today. Long live Toei!
is the man, no doubt..
Feels good to get a basketball workout in after going 10 days without one
what you said
Drop7 is 10 cents on Android Market right now. Buy it unless you hate wonderful things.
Chris Newman Undead acoustic @ Cosmos Lounge in Sellwood (across from the little movie theatre). FREE and Fabulous!
Staying Austin This Thanksgiving
Congrats to cast/crew for a super successful run of #ATRAIN!
Loved it today on 'First Take'; clever, clean, nicely-tailored play on the Brooks Brothers madras jackets. Joys of spring!
Closet Shelving Units » Coupons
Im about to blow bitches and bitches ass niggas stay of the T.I.P. of my dick
call me
seriously! Santa Clarita is super hot. Actually looking forward to sunset.
Ok I think I need to step away from the UVA waiting list post (my tied dream school) because all these kids are way smarter
That's awesome! I want to hear all about it!
love is like a rubber band.. held at both ends by 2 people.. when one leaves, it hurts the other.. :(
charged for a bracelet I have not received and it cannot be tracked!
How's VA treating you?
The best part was the sense of freedom and great expectations buoyed along by the music it gave to so many young people.
Singers outside soglins office don't seem to be going anywhere, anytime soon
dude we have the same first and middle name ^-^
“: congrtaz ome of my favs so sorry I couldn't see it. Great job!” Thank You -a great production to be part of
Steve Jobs created jobs with Apple and so can Obama, with the help of the U.S. congress! Pass the jobs bill now and make Steve proud!
twitter could easily be the foremost tool for international communication if it would join with google translate
welcome to the party
playgirldotcomvan.com . That is all.
txt me
Outlets con mi madre :D
i swear the dude that was just sticking Wade is probably still standing at that spot
that's what I like to hear
know what?
Fist in the air! RT : #LGBT Activists urge to put pen to paper on Workplace Protections
Beauty is not caused. It is. Emily Dickinson
oh, we got suck ass over here.
need more friends
Tech moving so fast, annual trends don't help. Focus on principles-connections not impressions, stories not content- & roll w/tech
This Is #jeopardy! Go !
this is kaitlyn sorry i got tweet limit -_- so im using my little sis account
#AfricanKidProblems Why do I look like everyone that's in those commercials with Bono walking around handing out water?
get fambily band back together!
. Quotation Mark Earrings may cause wearer to become a walking, talking "That's what she said" head. (wink). I'd wear 'em.
wow...visited rural vermont yesterday, post industrial flat broke town bravely flying pumpkin flags, empty factories w smashed windows...
"that dress has seen more red carpets then an Irish lesbian." god I love Joan rivers !!!
Had fun but I dislike when ppl idnt know perform n wasn't all dat.. but i just bout to watch a movie I guess
rutgers should be on that list!
And having pink lipstick on RT : There's nothing worse than kissing someone and feeling nothing. No spark. No tingly warm.
oh for sure! I saw people selling $10 hand creams, wooden beach signs, and $200 paintings! I will do some research!
. I thought you said 800! 800!!
it'll be worth it!
Gym time. Summers almost here
But RVD is cool because he's on the pot!
ill tell him to unblock u
16 hour day today. 5 am to 9 pm. Had a great time!
I've had 5 calls from out of state today. No messages left. What gives?
the jalex shirt is the most amazing shirt i've ever seen, i definitely need this in my life now.
lol. Please watch the video asap.
How many of you are adult children living w/ your parents? Do you know people who are? How come?
You are so good together guys!!!!!!!!!
True love involves to people who not only are each the others sweet spot, 1 of 2
nahh if tou miss sunday funday you have to be accepted back!
What's the best advice you ever got from your Coach?
BREAKING NEWS FROM : There are empty seats in Fenway on a cold wet night....ladies and gentlemen that's some reporting
Continuing my Guy Ritchie movie marathon with "Revolver"
Attending the Monday Night Party & Fundraiser tomorrow to benefit 2 great causes! Hope everyone got their tickets!
had to create a new account could remember my old info! It is all good. Happy to be back tweeting. Give me a shout out!
M83 tonight! Can't wait!
What he said ---> RT : will we be getting the announcements on the other events soon to save money on travel?
Exploiting someone's personal financial issues & insinuating that it negatively impacts their onfield legacy? TODAY at 10AM
I want to lose five pounds for summer! 
I love Everything Is Sound<3
Yeah Pierce is in bad shape. That 3 he hit was a miracle.
good news! There will be an even number of students for paired programming as I am also sick today :/
Feeling well rested this morning. Nice to have a night off to stay at home.
good morning
On any other day I would complain about loud construction. Today I wonder if there's a march going by.
known him since 8th grade haha lord seems forever ago. small world keeps getting smaller I swear.
I respect that dude with $100,000 putting it on Alpha. I'm not for Alpha even though that would make me wrong.
From'97-'99. Still haven't visited the new library. Actually didn't know it was open. Have to see it next time I'm there...
things you don't usually see at the library... a bird flying in the stacks and hopping around on the floor
RT : Anyone using Rofo/Real Estate Pro for #LinkedIn (turnkey app for #CRE to market listings and showcase expertise)?
This will happen.
Cuz I'm not livetweeting from my old fashioned cell phone. Jeez.
I want a million dollars.
I guess I'm asking what should be happening.
Putting that last little touch on MFL'ER!!! Bout to wake the streets up with this one!
I can buy it
#TeamItaliana hey boo.
Meryl Streep looks so young and beautiful in 1982's "Still of the Night."
Saw ladies chilling in bikini tops twice today. Probably the same ones who will be wearing boots mid-July.
yeah she lives in wm. we'll swing by and kick it with you for a while. I'm sure she wants to see your puppy. Right, ?
Wait. Fifty Shades of Grey isn't about photography!?!?!?!!?
Thad Matta needs to go roam bourbon street from the looks of him in that interview! SMH man...
oh im sorry :( n taylor swift is so not over-rated i love her :P n britneys tour iss over :'(
About to head into a publishing meeting looking at some possible 2013 titles. A nice mix of periods and subjects proposed!
Did a test shot of Bully's in hdr. Looked so good were going to do another shoot.
That was great I needed that dadee lol #nastytweet!
maybe playing in the nba playoffs would be better right?
Grrr. Yes. West Ham game is off! :( Like you care, Twitter.
#artpolitics attachment to the political is about how you endure in history. What affects get attached to attachment?
behalf if that's ok! ??? How was Easter Sunday?
At Thousand Oaks YMCA, it's all about domination today. Of my knees.
We've had our shares of ups and downs but imma still be around ...
hey sam! will you be at the office on friday? i'm coming up at 3 to meet adam! hope to meet you, too. :)
Lissiebee! Be careful!
Do you have any #WhenAustin moments? tweet me and I'll post them and give you credit!
I just wanted to watch Princess Mononoke, but no scratched disk won't allow it.
United Airlines in 1962: Frequent Flyers in the Space Race - Jaunted (blog)
I'm pretty much getting to hang with the older brother I never had this weekend cc
I love when bitches text back right awayy
is open and much improved after all the renovations last week. Thanks for your patience!
Leftover pizza. #SillyQuestion RT “: What's for breakfast?”
Everyone's Are you kidding me, who's idea was it to make MILFs trend D;
thanks love!! :)
because I always with you. Duh
Earn free food + help DC food trucks. Volunteer at #curbsidecookoff May 5 RFK Stadium! Email .
lol! See, I was about too tell you! Nvm now... Lol
Waiting for the sun to set before attempting a 4.5-mi run. It'll still be 94 degrees, but hopefully won't feel like it.
we're proud of you ladies and what you are all about. Glad we could be involved! See you very soon :)
nope, not invited. haha
AWESOME!!!!!...wow, that's cool. And now she's like super duper famous.
I can't wait for u guys to hear it! "Boyfriend" cover coming soon :)
lately I haven't heard from you homie! Damn a nigga can't get a reply or retweet Smh
I wonder why all the songs I'm listening to have a 'shawty' in some part of the song.
Hm. Should I head to the Palisades this Morning?
Now you're free to be the lonely life of the party.
what days are you down here? Wedding Saturday afternoon, but I'm around other than that
you still owe me lunch sir
What is that ? It took me to my google sign in page :) look fwd to your tweets,
tues phone call? dm me your digits
- Now Dev in their defense it is a good environmental move. The use of bottles for water is a really terrible problem in the US
I get to see my old homies tomorrow.
callme. It's abt time u do that!
tell people to follow me I am gave a contest with my friend
RT It is easier to believe than to doubt.Everett D. Martin.Pls RT This
Btw you have lots of $$ from where I can see, so where should we start the line!!!
You can’t wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club. -Jack London
Yellow laffy taffy >
fuck its raining.
Real spit keep fuckin wit me, you an yo nigga gone wind up missing, not missing but murdered cause ima tell the pd yea I did dat fuck you
Aw...we love you too Carly! Thanks for flying with us here at MKE and we wish you very happy travels!
Promise yourself to live your life as a revolution and not just a process of evolution
I need to beef up my axure skills! You are becoming an expert!
Lightning talk: , Project @ : Mobile Historical: online database for interpretive text, photos, etc.
Bad bitches ><
While the kids are out trick-or-treating... Treat yourself to a nice hot mineral soak. Happy Halloween.
I like dating strippers cause they forget about shit all the time... Like that date we were supposed to be on but I met that other girl.
and I like my dudes all dark like coal :))
": You don't do it on purpose, but you make me shake."
he deserves that injury
Everyday is a great day to be creative!
Do you like U.S. history?
Join THE PHILLY FAN'S CODE author Mike Tanier for a book signing & trivia @ The Field House, 1150 Filbert Street in Phila, 12/1 @ 7:30pm
Reality Replica: Karina Smirnoff
My sister's going to Ibiza in August. Include in your updates!
Shoot me your email address, I will send you the info. RT I need your rates for a photoshoot.
bigbluemadness tickets and autographed tony stewart picture in the mail. trip to the shooting range. free bottle of buffalo trace.
I overhear more gov't conspiracy theories in Nashville than I hear anywhere else. 1 weekend in TN = 1 year anywhere else, crackpot wise.
Is it possible to be totally partial?
I'm thinking about going off the rails... on purpose...
lol. Whatchu know about the Oak Cliff??
Common sense is not so common. Voltaire
it all cancels out though. i get my smiles from a reliable source.
Tripled up to 30k with aa
You're Really Pretty ( : Please Follow lol
Yes!! Wine in kegs... and on tap. Called Jamber. 858 Folsom St. Opening in July!
Thanks April. Make it a great day!
Scott Simon, pimco. Without #fannie and #freddie, there would be no flexible market in that immediate future.
Happy leap day!
If you're celebrating Easter Sunday today, may you enjoy your day with good friends and family!
I want Seth back.
Woo hoo back in Erie again! lets go Micro Brewers fest
I'm buying pencils instead of food. #Whoami ??
will do. but this is rare free time with a newborn and being primary caretaker
can't wait for tonight!
both ejected?
Chatted with CMO of a company I real admire and then went home and changed a very dirty diaper.
Hi you! Happy Friday! I'm at the office pretending to work & clock-watching:) What's up with lovely you?
RT : ASTD's 2012 International Conference & Expo begins this weekend! Keep up with all that's happening by following
Oh (: Lol.. That pic <3 “: i cant get over my profile pic ”
#2011in3words "all behind me"
I love you sweetie girl! Happy Momma's Day! Xoxo
. hope you guys can make it to . sometime before Christmas! Eco friendly baby boutique in
Why. am. I. still. awake? Erghhh
We've been busy at our #EfS Summer Design Studio!
I learned my lesson, do not eat pancakes and syrup during your 8 month of pregnancy...baby kicking like crazy!
Shout out to all my buddies who bought Depends for tonight. Just in case.
Sachem Energy Solutions Launches new Initiatve: World News Report: http//bit.y/JYPWPE
Hope you all have a great #Christmas! Did Santa bring you everything you wanted?
I hate you if you say 'no homo' ever.
I have 20 girlfriends Cthu but I didn't know wow
is it acceptable to drink wine in the middle of the day on a Wednesday?!
I'll grab it!!!
Trying to decide whether or not to fish tomorrow morning
Tomorrows the day. The first Memorial Experience...soon to be know as the Disc Golf Experience. Come on out to fountain hills tomorrow
nope. ATL. has an awesome exhibit-sharing series w/ MOMA. This is "Modern Masters" - all of my favorite artists!
#RIP Whitney Houston
thanks for the retweet! And hopefully the vote ;)
We love our sponsors so much...
Rippin' rehearsal tonight. Brand new tune called "Half Happy Songs". Your gonna love it!
you better be, smile #prom date :p
"Get over it"....... lol, you talking like I'm streesing what happened, i was just saying!!!
studio time
If you been at a party for a couple hrs and your tweeting about how live it is your lying.
Seattleites, Don't patronize Rairdon's Chrysler in Kirkland. Very corrupt salesmen at work.
"If you would thoroughly know anything, teach it to others." - Tryon Edwards
Why is the word "pixelated" coming up in spell check....how long have we been using computers!? Something needs to be done about this!
ok thanks and can u ask victoria if she can follow me plz do me that favor it will be a great honor plz !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm now dating #mycrushof2011 :D
Thinkin about a girl.
Cody Ross is really strong..... again.
How do we enter? What time is the workshop?
I heard you were on TV last week at the economic forum. Congrats - look forward to our one on one.
alien transmissions have been interfering with aaron.tv
The only kind of seafood I trust is the fish stick, a totally featureless fish that doesn't have eyeballs or fins. - Dave Barry
In bed with this pillow up under my chin ..just tweeting for the hell of it
yeah man!
The rule hasn't been changed--YET! MHSAA is sending a proposal to schools to vote by 5/31. Thx for yr support! LetEmPlay.us
Out tux hunting for Kyle's
When your music can be clearly understood from yoir headphones about ten feet away, it is timed to get your ears checked.
Plan aims to actualize full potential of the center, ramping up programming as well as community/university involvement
If you haven't watched #101things yet, you're really missing out(;
Oh it is ON. And um... it's been awhile. MT : Wait, before 2day when's the last time you won catchphrase?
is trying via on Twitter to win this this all-in-one PC by way of #winanion on www.nvidia.com/ion
I think Billie must be a philosopher. A deep thinker. A cat's intellectual, haha :)
When is Brian Cashman going to make some moves?
Looking for a little relaxation or maybe some extra motivation...Try our Kratom!!!
Thanks for sharing our excitement! We are so thrilled.
: You bet your ass I am!
Thanks Glen! I love our team - are rock stars.
Viewing "We ♥ our Workplace” video contest submission - nothing like a good chair race!
I might pick up a new one soon. I know a guy who can get candies and they are fucking amazing
Loving my online classes this semester. Now I can keep selling houses!
Jus burned my tough
Are you IN? If not, go to barackobama.com right now and join!
hey thanks so much for the s..o on #ya!flash. the premise for tick-tock sounds great! how's #diablo3?
Disappointed to know both myself & club owner in Manchester have been taken advantage of by shady promoter Jen Dunbar. UK gig 4/22 canceled
Well hey, I bet you're doing good!
In the States we have a 'do not call' registry.
then answer my ? why bring reprod'n into it at all if you dont think it should be a condition?
In response to ur #APP #training, we #learned we needed to get #windows 8 running #inthelab and we're doing that now! Thanks!
#ThingsPeopleWithRatchetBlackberrysSay RT : Just because you have an iPhone don't mean you classy.
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe haters,bitchy people,singing loudly and screechy,bugs,pain,snobs,slow Internet,ignorance,criticism,and DoratheExplorer
on the last day of 8th grade I was the only girl not crying & reminding everyone that we'd be at the same HS
more excitement and action in tennis.. IMO
sunny and windy out today...
Am feeling lots of warm fuzzy feelings for the people I work with. So much talent and good will overfloweth.
If you're lost, you can look, & you will find me..Time after Time..If you fall, I will catch you, I'll be waiting..Time after Time..
The south kinda ruins my whole Xmas/New Year situation with its being hot n junk..but it's still a Merry Holiday Season anyway!! ♥
Showin me howweak you is, its embarrassing.
Why can't it be Aaron. Dang.
's Don Dodge says in-app purchases are good monetization strategy.
English 415 collectively says thanks to for dropping by (on Skype).
Looking at yesterday's news is problematic. Is the (insert favorite) outrageous story true or #AprilFools ???
--->Thanks for spreading the love!<--- RT This hop on top from is delicious!
Hot butter rum mix makes The best party gifts.
put me on repeat let's go again and again no matter AM or FM 'cause baby girl this is the
Must feel weird. Have a great night, and soak it all in one last time.
Misses knowing hunters who bring me extra game meats.
Have a good night.
#amwriting tonight after the gym. Can't wait. I miss diet coke.
Not really tho
I gotta have a "fit" & fall on the ground. Hahahaha
well they have no life other then staring at pretty girls (whitch they know there not intrested)
yeah i never went trick or treating ):
"Data?! I never even meta!" h/t
Wasn't sure if you were still on for lunch- sorry I didn't check sooner. Still want to go or schedule later in March?
No. Thank you.
6 days left in denmark. crazy - its close now!
You don't get what you pay for here...we give you more!
I have not yet perfected the art of taking pictures of the moon ...
had such a great time at #CSAC_counties, thanks to everyone that came by our booth
RT : I suggest people change their Twitter passwords today.
Turnout for the Cleveland Minstrels at Bush St. theater last night was meager considering the reputation of these burnt-cork professionals.
Guys, got some big stuff on the career front to tell you about here, soon.
yay! You keep telling me that! Lol
Crazy Crazy :-P
Had Pakistani last night at Mirsch Masala. Really good stuff. Best kheer I've ever had. V. attentive service--we were only table.
WATEVR, RT“: i was on the phone with jacob. x)”
I don't know where you going, but get yourself back ho-O-ome!!
About to order some breakfast....
weight wise or calories?.
It's Tropical Tuesday at PPSS! Come try our Pina Colada, Coconut and Banana!
Makin moves stay tuned!!!!
In English we were talking about how we order chaotic situations. I live tweet.
I still have my tamagotchi lmao
follow me plzz! :)
where did ur message go x
Anyone on twitterworld as obsessed with coconut water as me? :)
Order sent to Angelina in VA!
what happened though?
I hate watching the news. They always start out with "Good evening Memphis..." Then proceed to tell you why it's not a good evening.
Run away!
Totally hacked haha. I like pie okay but not like like.
Hope you got it just like you like it. Welcome back to Texas!
Finding stuff is low hanging fruit. Its all about relationships, finding their passion, and being a model learner.
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than going to a garage makes you a mechanic.
email us at
Good morning! Happy #FF to you all!
It's the story of a homunculus who gains free will. What about you?
Congratulations you guys and the to the newest addition to AV Archives! :) We'll expect her at 9 on Monday.
RT : Jordan hill will fill in nicely. First round we will be fine. If it was vs Memphis id be concerned<<part2 :
Now that the Minnesota #Vikings stadium bill has passed the MN House, the bill moves to the senate. The vote will be held tomorrow
La Sengphet Becomes First Woman in History to Win Three Open Tournaments on WSOP Circuit
no comment
oh Lisa Maria Presley? Wooh!
it's windy:) good thing you have that safety rope:)
--some to just have one last year with as many "original" people as possible to make it super fun. :(
Best typo ever.
THIS IS FOR EVERYONE I FOLLOW. TELL UR FRIENDS TO FOLLOW ME I WILL FOLLOW BACK RT THIS :D
My 97 day journey into Twitter wilderness has ended today as I was retweeted by . Sheesh, I must have monumentally boring tweets!
what is it?
Wishin I could remeber that girls name and number from last night...damn she was fine
Goddamnnn. stop with all the big girls shit lol
A cold start with temps in the teens to near 20°, but a sunny day on the way with highs near 30° in SEWI
yay! You have been missed!
I lie to feel better about letting you down .... Or to save myself the awkward moment where you realize I'm not your friend
Ah, the smart person fantasy... RT BRILLIANT sketch on SNL called "Comments Section."
it's gonna be good. I think they're sufficiently "Rachel." I land at 1:45... almost there!! :)
Today has been long and disappointing to say the least.
If you have something to say about Jona come say it to her (;
has opened the #horsetrail riding and #barbecue season, have you Booked your #vacation or meal yet? Do it NOW!
Short of winning the lottery, what is your plan to get out of debt?
Getting started @ tonights gig. It looks more like a house party than a quinceanera. Oh well, Imma still rock this house.
She sounds hideous!! : So Jake from SateFarm, what r u wearing? < Khakis. Lol 😒
yes you did! Meant to introduce myself. Want to get coffee soon?
I definitely will - it's my favorite holiday! (And I'd be happy to read it if you want!)
learned another video production lesson the hard way.
Wow #goldsboro- I am impressed. #bonfirestortillabar is delicious. As a vegetarian-city-girl-outsider, I send you a genuine thank you.
Tulsa vigil for Trayvon Martin tonight: TU's McFarlin library at sunset. Organizers say wear a hoodie. will report live at 9/10
he killed it again!!!
Rise Against is the tits!
outrageous red max 213 at 7:10. Wouldn't open door for passengers! #Fail thanks for making us late
11:11 on 11/11! I'm alive because numerology is meaningless.
Girl scouts. Girls count. / The women are the way. / The feint of former victims / feinter still // a tiny little
Welcome aboard the good ship ! Thanks for following. Visit us at www.baltimorefoodcoop.com and pledge to join our merry band!
Might be going to Eddys Attic in GA to see oct 3 <21
i wish you followed me!</3
sry - I missed this question: I have had multiple orders from my Tweets since I started using them
This band is awesome!!! Wow. The name is Stranger Danger and we WILL have them back!!!!!
Gr8 weekend! RT : Thanks, Masters of Wine.
The name..Sad one of our namesakes passed recently..Earl Sgruggs U Will Be Missed..Flatt & Scruggs..Flattened Squirrels.4EVER
please followw back(:
would love to, but will be in either Amsterdam or Santa Clara that week
Who doesn't love a good chair dance?
Even Kelly and her little cohost today are talking about Mariano. I still haven't accepted it.
Ambition is the germ from which all growth of nobleness proceeds. -Thomas Dunn English
Anybody have any experience with Jerry Artarama framing? I have a ton of stuff to frame.
Good Luck Nico! You can Do It!
Nothing Much just dropping my Best Friend off :(
#SemperFi!! Follow me & my fellow #vets work at #OpOliver &
Nice - #Amazon updated their look and feel.. a bit more clean (see a little bit of Apple in there)
OH: Donald Trump in the projects winking at me
Informative discussion w/ about DRY (Don't Repeat Yourself) techniques w/ #eecms! Tune in Thurs (5/3) 11am MT, 1pm ET!
Artists donated their paintings to be burned? Whut? Regardless, good luck to them...
This song makes me all emotional.. Nshit
Annoyed a'fuu.!!!!
Pleasure receptors lighting up. :-)
I don't regret the time we spent together, I just wish I didn't spend it with you
better love trance, or ima kick her butt :)
They wouldn't let me buy anything specific
Just watched my good friend, move mountains onstage at Zoey's. Amazing job, my man.
Working, blah
this computer is fucked up
good thanks! computer class xx
The weirdest compliment ive ever gotten is when people tell me i have beautiful hands
Love has nothing to do with what you are expecting to get, it's what you are expected to give -- which is everything.
I'm sitting in a parking lot alone when next to me pulls up Harley Santa in his (just a lil) younger days with 2 blonde hookers in the b ...
A&E shows must have "wars" somewhere in the title
No time to sleep
umm let me ask Maria lol *rolls r*
Aw, it makes you kinda feel sorry for him
Tourney in Ohio with #ValleyStorm ❤⚾
I'm a person of African descent
Thanks, hope you have good week ahead
Cute pic of Coco-Bear. My parents' dog looks very similar.
10 mins of of time! Newcastle you can hold on!
i hate facebook...just putting that out there.
Looking forward to a double date dinner party with our friends Todd and James this Friday!
hey alex do you still have my copy of cyrano?
ooh. It went great. It was a hall meeting but I did meet all the ppl in my pod lol
Dropped my phone in the storm last night. But now it's working again. Hooray!
what is zap?
you don't use proper grammar.
Santorum officially projected winner in Tennessee. Ohio too close to call.
Tweeting with my new droid razor....happy Mothers Day to me.
I'm glad we are both stoked on it. Too bad we can't see it together.
HIPAA has nothing to do with health care. :-P
"Love begins with a smile, grows with a kiss, and ends with a teardrop."
You may need to reinstall OS X. had a similar issue, they did a soft reinstall (keeping my info / files) and the pb went away.
Today's affliction becomes future ability to minister in strength and wisdom. Psalm 119:71-72
i just like to talk to strangers :)
Thanks for the fun conversations today ! Looking forward to more about your #libraryasincubator programs!
The margin of sampling error for any poll is greater among it's subsets than it's total population.
it could end that way.
Glad to see that you take male survivors seriously! Thank you for speaking out.
“: May your exams be as easy as you are.” bahaha😂
I have a way of letting on like I care more than I actually do.
My man Flynn goes to the Seahawks. I guess I'm cheering for a bird team this coming season in spite of my rule.
haha that's how we feel every Sunday!
Tomorrow is FREE DAY, FREE day, free day! Did we say it's free?
are still in it
“: ": text me right quick" <<< same number from last night?” Ayee I'll text you in a min" <<< ok
hey :D
Good evening tweeters the quote of the day is: Take time to PLAY... It is the secret of perpetual youth.
Curious about Wii? Play Wii Sports and games. Attend our program, Wii Sports and Games for Adults on Thursday, December 22, at 4 pm.
oops. I always forget.
Looks are deceiving. Good looks are more deceiving.
wow, you are full of great april fool's tricks.
MONDAY MORNING!!!!
It's SUSAN!!! So happy to see a tweet of yours fly by!!! LOVE!!!
Anticipating a productive day of leadership development today!
Obama has blamed all of his problems on Bush, Congress and now the Supreme Court. he has no one left but himself to blame now!
I still enjoy the first half of Batman 89. The second half is garbage. Keaton rocks, though.
Anybody feel like a brownie bite midnight snack? Sweet dreams.
sure:D
whoa , so observant. Name is for a black racist named theron cal on twitter Picture is my new beard. Like?
U know who RT : who “: oomf had me lmao at u,”
Just got back from Atlanta for the #DoveAwards God opened so many doors for my music, saw so many answered prayers, thank you Jesus!
1pm and the lines at Salumi is still about 1/2 a block long...
ya but what the hell peps should not drive drunk any how
Does anyone even drink G1 or G3?
hahah thanks julie!!! <3 if only you lived near me so you could be my date ;)
": LOL what are they saying?!"even the #NFL is wrong sometimes
Thank you Bryan!
It is much better to make mistakes doing something, than to make the mistake of doing nothing. – Fred van Amburgh
Really hope i can square away this vaction time! I want beach time!
absolutely, Sports Cowgirl.
that is AWESOME!
next weekend wit details. Lol. Tickets will prolly be cheaper!
To the new FB arrivals, welcome aboard the Drunk Train. Woo woo! I just shit my pants.
#"Fuck what you heard"
Just tapped the Snarling Badger...finally! Wow is that interesting!
Hair will fall out faster on a person that is on a crash diet
Lemme turn this good piece of phone off.
RT " have your #hackcomicbingo tweets cost you any followers yet? If not, it's about to..."don't care if they do.
Im Mikey, I ROCK !
#Its2012WhyYouStill Checking yo Myspace? Matter fact .... WHY do you remember your email & password?
Don't be surprised if you hear some thunder and see hail today. Andy has the full forecast on Good Day Oregon.
we all know u gud at that
wow its been too long since i've been on here! whats up #packernation?
I honestly can't wait to see this summer with , and
Old ladies who hold their cell phone up to their ear on speakerphone: You're Doing it Wrong
i love harry's bum
Liking Shabazz Palaces, one of the members is playing a mbira.
TRUE THAT (;
that's what I say but she doesn't want to be in my life
preaching to the choir! Guess it doesn't happen just
Why everybody think they big cheifers
childish gambino concert june 12 at the hardrock in orlando. Lets go!!
do you wanna include Peyton Manning?
I am!
Bahahaha. Silly guys.
double fist
I learned this week that people who I thought were my friends turned out to be my enemies! All because of one tweet. Wow.
This weather is crazy!!! I'm about to duck for cover....the aquarium is one if the safest places to be!!
awe. has food poisining \:
sorry manchester united wow how did that happen manchester city
Two bad this week's SNL is a rerun. The show's two brothers would have gotten more airtime.
Oakland winning against the Chargers. I can't pick a game to save my life.
So bored. Maybe I should do my hw...Nah
So, #beerclub, where can I find Zombie Dust around these parts?
Congratulations! Welcome to the team - very excited for you to join us!
man i am so bad at school it's so funny.
I had forgotten how deliciously low this movie is.And the horrible unlikelihood of Clooney and Tarantino being brothers...!
Jeff Marshall: showing treasures not enough, need to argue added value of our services when working with donors, etc.
Being Alone Sometimes Makes Shit Worst
It's a chamber of commerce day and the balloons are flying at the Intl. Balloon Fiesta in ABQ. No hot air in the Pella Store. Jeff 362-0529.
RT ": School 15 was where I had my best memories ❤"
:) I am doing well so far today. How are you doing cutie?
Nassib has been picked off 2 times today.
"We have a broken arrow situation." "what's that?" "We are missing a can of SPAM" "God, save us all"
Lmaoo & me in 4 period making faces because of the sour patch kids.
We are history, the shadow covers me, the sky above, a blaze that only lovers see...in this blue shade my tears dry on their own.
They say douche bag & penis breath in ET... Ha!!!
I am reaping the harvest God promised me and taking back what the devil stole from me (It is hard) but I rejoice 2day, 4 I SHALL RECVER ALL
“Introverts aren’t necessarily shy. Shyness is fear of social disapproval, inherently painful; introversion is not”~
Come in and try our new cupcakes from !
Philip ArmourTo do great things is difficult; but to command great things is more difficult
Cleaner walked in just as I was about to go on-air. Sonofa...
Aye man aires month y'all Betta watch out Stoney crook records repa
I want this shit forever man
Looking forward to the patio @ Renos in Prestonsburg tonight with all my EKY folks. Show starts @ 730. Come hang out w/ us!-BH
at least I wasn't purchased. Worst latino ever!
Um, can someone please turn the wind down to 'light breeze'. Can't find the controls.
love you lady can I get a follow and #for the youth
All these agencies should respect their devs. Because when they leave they end up working for 5 of your competitors eating up your mrktshare
Why do the nice fitting jeans gotta be so expensive :(
You tend to forget how much the little touches mean. Like a pickel with the sandwich.
SCOTUS reviewed 14th Amend only once in 1935 regarding nat'l debt. "Congress can't repudiate existing debt."
and to think he's gotten A LOT better with Uhh and Umm!
she not claiming you shawty
like if I just said I saw a 6 legged cat! That would be interesting. If I said beautiful day I'm so happy... not so much
Coloring outside the lines is a fine art. ~Kim Nance
Don't envy the judges who will select the winner of #pittbigidea. How will they decide?? Great pitches. Congrats to all!
Didn't think of that- the problem with Mad men is season 5 is going on now, so I just might wait to start that one.
Don't forget to follow us - Not just job postings, Soon to come... Wait for it --> Give Aways!
I half my burgers to scorn and ridicule and I will continue to bisect chuck sammies till I become a vegetarian. #never!
Oh babe - sending love :)
that's right up there with leader of the free world. Real power.
You know you're drunk when you slur your speech on your head.
Your mom says: Put on a jacket! I'm cold!
Parking BAD
I think it's hilarious that little dogs think they can fuck up the bigger dogs haha
I'm so hurt
That moment when you want to come back to buffalo! I haven't seen them since the rise and fall of my pants tour
I am a PureData fiend.
Seabiscuit ranks #25 in the top 100 race horses of all time. He's my personal favorite, because he was considered unimpressive & unimportant
Recycle your Christmas tree at EDCO Station, at 8184 Commercial Street in La Mesa between December 26 and January 15.
You fight like a hampster!!! Lol
Hates you too den!!!!
that never happens to me, ur special
thanks for the rt :)
haha you don't hug trees do you???
New Myspace Layout and SIngle Up Now!!!! www.myspace.com/xforeverandafterx
that's down in Austin at
Cask is tapped: Black Marlin w/ Makers Mark Oak/Vanilla Beans. Come on by! $2 til 5:30, +$1 an hour.
Please, for the love of god, DO NOT trend beibs........see if Canada will take him back. If not, can he be thrown over Lake Erie?
please add us to the list "student-orgs". Thank you!
Twitter Mobile has messed up -.-
eating a poached pear with cote du rhone sauce....yum
U don't have to be rich or have a contract to follow ur dreams I defy that person that sausage no
#sacscoc Just because a student can Google and game doesn't mean they can be successful online.
meet he jus moved there!!!!!
Apparent with all this Tebow talk, the media is just angling to create another Favre. "He looks like he's having so much FUN out there!" W/E
i miss them too:/
DIRECTV Launches Nomad
Lakers are playing some good defense, but it helps that James Harden has apparently forgotten how to make a layup.
you'll see;)
And I want to apologize for getting so mad at every little thing you said like I was a huge ole baby
It's whenever boo. You already know we got to play catch up.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH. Book finally ordered. high pitched squealing in office: commenced.
when you guys opening in San Francisco? Missing you!
that's some hood shit fr !
omgee im so proud of you!!
and did
in here chillen with my nigga dezzmo we wild !!!
My poker buddies called me at work today to say they miss me (my work sked changed). Sweet, but I think they miss my money.
Great run ! #LetsGoHEAT !
Large inventory for hotel bathrooms, Public areas, and more..please contact us for your next project.
Groupon: brings in unqualified leads and have really low retention rates. Don't do it out of desperation!
you guys should do a contest/giveaway to a concert for !
im gone ppl hit up my line if yu got it if not fuk off :-)
Rehearsal tweets should be starting soon for #dareproject 19!
One stereotype mocking another. Welcome to the Metro.
Walk to the ends of the earth for you, theres nothing that i wouldnt do, to make you feel my love. <3
he's not dead yet. there's still time.
Why u asking all them #questions ??? Lmao <3
Breakfast Hospital!
I have tendinitis...
is it just me or was #sxsw extra crazy this year?
just living finally done with school.
Who wants to do what's right? When you can just do what's on your mind.
insights about our hmong, chicano, african american students...i'm trying to read & learn more to create a space for stu +
Glad to hear it.
Love that song. But then, who doesn't? RT : Song of the Day - "I'm Gonna Be (500 Miles)" by The Proclaimers
ack! Oh well. At least there's nothing you can do about it. :)
I don't know but it's sad, we need to change that! xo
Copyright protects creative works, Trademark protects names and logos.
I just checked out a map to see how far Shepherdstown is from where my family in #WV is - never been to that panhandle part!
No I couldn't go. “: Will you be in Chandler's corner tomorrow night?”
got a visit from the swag fairy today! Watch party give aways for Saturday
So my brother is coming home tonight =))
Loving hearing positive feedback about NewarkPulse - we do have the best calendar! Thx!!
Stupid school... Im so exhausted by the end of the week.
i can't get him out of my head. <3 woah. ((:
So bball fans what's up with these guys running to teams abroad...David stern need to work in himself
you will pay for putting that song into my head ;)
PBI will be there. Are you going? Great attendance in the past few years.
IDK what day yet they will have to tell me & then I will tell U :)
Absolutely. Pass on that info! Thanks!
its all about my boy !!! #teambringit, even tho were sittin next to the lord come Wrestlemania lol
Found a picked-over flower arrangement at my local Jewels. Win!
Meeeeeh seen an absolutely perfect dress for like £150, reduced from £500 for prom and my mom won't buy me it. Karen, IT'S A FUCKING BARGAIN
not so fast medical emergency right now with 1.6 to go in ot lakeland ball when we resume.
I hope takes this as a compliment when people say he is having a Piers Morgan personality.
RT : Great time at LifeQuest today with Awesome worship and surrender to God's authority!!!
You scared me.. I felt so bad, I thought your birthday was today and I didn't wish you a happy birthday! I almost cried!
I would have stopped by if u were at anywhere other then LW
#GWAS or get rejected from Stanford, Cornell, Dartmouth, Washington
do tell!
Share your wedding horror stories with us...will read your tweets on-air tomorrow morning.
Dent: Forced to reconceive of refugee camps as permanent places, not temporary as once thought.
yep. just comfirmed its WITH you..shit sorry. ignore the previous tweet.
i think we were joking ediblesd :) altho i supposed there is no way to prove or disprove it
Happy Hour all day!
#liber2011 If lib's info budget is cut, will student attainment fall? Opinion: but the other variables could fall as well.
#fridayreads Fragile Beasts by Tawni O'dell & listening to The Help by Kathryn Stockett. Love the different narrators-the book comes alive
That money like a flashlight...
Hate these type of mornings!
Who knows Steven Tyler. I want to hang with this dude! Funny guy!
Its cold outside...36°F...
My first new Nike Ravens jersey will be
guess he couldn't afford the real deal. Just saw some kid wearing some fake ass
I doubt will ever notcie me, but im crying right now because i dont have a ride to go 2 hours away 2see him in WI. ILOVEYOU 5
A Skylit Drive, good emo music
I doubt anyone will ever beat my record of three rooms painted a total of five times in three days.
Simply amazing animation on visualizing the tenth dimension (and all the ones under it). At tenthdimension.com - naturally. String theory!
This is crazy. # pay bills
Indeed RT Their coffee is crap, but it's heartening to see a multi-national corp fight to retain its soul.
All my 4 airhead cards I bought are of ! I want a one!! haha
see my fb page...my dad just asked if I heard anything...he talked to one of the kids in this year's class at the Sunflower.
I believe life is to be lived, not worked, enjoyed, not agonized, loved, not hated.
I did!
I'm volunteering for KTEP radio station and I have the opportunity to put one of my stories on air for the first time on August 5th:)
Two of our brains ( & ) have moved to San Francisco. Want to meetup? Let us know!
i have. i paid good money (shhhh) for this day :)
omg I'm coming and I'm watching and I'm eating all the takeout. I'll buy first round. WE CAN LIVE TWEET IT!
Thanks for the mentions!
oh wow nice... Hhahaha
To all those people who think I can't succeed....well guess what? I WILL
What is your mailing address? Happy to send you one.
Great meeting & chatting w/ you yesterday! Hope to see you again before we leave.
...just watched #300 for the first time. my night has definitely been a success.
The things that confuse me most.when some says the want youThen turns there backs on you and Gets mad at you when your with a guy .. What ?
I was on State St from 1:30-4:00. I didn't know you'd be in the area.
I believe you have something that belongs to me.
Positive attitude .......positive attitude
"If you do not hope, you will not find what is beyond your hopes." - St. Clement of Alexandra
You know that Fiber1 commercial where the guy goes "fiber makes me sad" ? Like that. That said, still going tonight.
Anytime! Thanks for $5 Mondays!
So UC Berkeley's MIMS program is kind of a big deal.
I just finished a 3.02 mi run with a time of 1:03:04 with Nike+ GPS.
haha I bet I could drive without any lessons :p
Pod is born.
walk up to one and tell him you need his clothes, his boots, and his motorcycle.
Sherlock Holmes was such a know-it-all.
I support Dannon's Cups of Hope Program. Go to cupsofhope.com to make at least a $.10 donation to National Breast Cancer Foundation.
"You work out who you like best and then you pretend not to like anyone else." -Jez, Peep Show
they will resort back to what they have done for centuries = BLAME OTHERS and riot; good, let them, lets have it out
Phillip glass's Satyagara is absolutely brilliant. The music, the stage sets and the performance are equally mind-blowing. A must see.
The NEA fall meeting was totally worth getting up at 5:30am on a Saturday to attend, and that's saying something!
You`re a stupid ass bitch.
stress is a test, when you overcome it you feel like a beast ;)
From Pamplona: Aim so high you'll never be gored.
": I really don't believe you find love on a tv show though.. Just entertainment" Just ask Flavor Flav!
When Torii Hunter says wow to Raul Ibanez
with that whipper you can also infuse alcohol with your choice of flavoring in 30 seconds or so...
Here we go bruins!
#GetOuttaHere if your a Rangers fan.
I've mentioned to friends/family about Walmarts policies and they don 't care, they just want their goods cheap.
Damn straight! I want my push button dinner dispenser. And Rosie.
I think I could have scored in that position. Well, maybe not, but for professionals, that's ghastly.
FREE Monthly Worldwide Solunar Best Hunting Times and the Best Fishing Times Forecast and Prediction Tables
#ManRules ....well you should know them by now right?
how many more ya need? Ill put your name on em and leave rm at will call so we still get credit for the sale
You sounded pretty damn sweet last night, your dankness. Thanks for the show
have the best weekend! yay! Happy Friday from all of us !!!!!
#Songstoplaywhilehavingsex Hit me with your best shot!
These dudes are cracking me up
Just got done helping move I got five Damn splinters in my hand n got a fd up wrist after we tetrisd that Dam couch thru the door
is this for real?!
We were!!! Encore from the ferris wheel!
I understand publishers want to believe physical books are so great they will stay. But i don't see bookshelves in my future.
Wait, watch & follow - should that be the US policy on Syria & Iran? - JDG
Lost my pillow pet.! # mad.!
There is nothing stronger than gentleness.
Agreed; just wanted to make sure this wasn't pointed in one direction in order to solve a specific problem.
RT Confidence is sexy but cockiness is a turn off ...
I got so many things running thru my mind, just drink and smoke, wanna flow, unwind
yea buddy its true bros plus im from district 2
Absolutely--I enjoyed the review/interview combination.
This graduation practice is blahh... lol
Also, Manning is in position to pick his home for the next few years and maximize his earnings. Colts can move on.
Well, today's the second day that I've gotten cut by freak accidents
think it might be closer than you think. AD is prob going to be biggest impact rook since DH in 04, and they have #2 pick too
it's a fucking wild ride ain't it. Hold on tight.
If you don't want the answer, don't ask the question.
im craving sumthing to eat but idk.......
Apparently there is something going on with an Abby downtown.
sweetie pies here in STL!
Love my spray tann(:
Hope everyone has a wonderful 4th of July weekend!
here we go usa
to who
Looking for people who may be at Devil's Lake State Park
": Life is very good. Very"
Thank you! Our management was severely crippled when went to pay model. Went from 0-1500.00/mo. for level we were at.
When you think you can't that's when you must!
the same for my sister...Great Post!!
hey boo thanks for following me u still and I still like you
its not hacked if you come to my house while i'm sleeping go on my computer when my twitter is up and go on it -__-
Come enjoy Sunday Funday with brunch on our beautiful patio!!!!! $2 taps of Miller Lite and XX Amber all day at the bar!!!
you are a sexy beast.
Ok. Someone at the NCAA or CBS should lose their job over booking the Fray.
SUPER BOWL MVP ELI MANNING!
Final countdown has begun with 100 days to go until # London2012.
Stay tuned for a great FREE music download from us to you tomorrow! Here's a hint: they build both monuments AND melodies! :)
ATTN: is officially the newest member of D1C. He will be strumming strings for all of you on the guitar. Video update soon!
glad you made it to the twitter world bro!
Mitt is now free to unleash his inner centerist. ": Looks like Rick Santorum is hanging up the "Sweater Vest".. thoughts?"
ill owe you a nice dinner or something
"I've got a feeling that tonight is going to be a good good night" Easily my least favorite song when I am partying at night.
SELF CARE: How are you pampering yourself, giving back to yourself this weekend?
How about 2
Yes, the position is in our main office at 726 Broadway.
So. Little. Time. Badabing. RT : So. Many. Sluts.
Lost my earring; GOD DAMN
Maybe for later is a result that shows "users that have added [video] interests"? For now, you can click the Interest that shows
Hey #sschat! I'm Michael from Massachusetts. Great to be here.
i coughed then farted. WOW EMBARRASSING MUCH?
Hot af boa
We all played with barbies instead of GIJoes.
When you drop something right in front of you and it completely disappears
Trying to get this film, "Make-Up" financed....!
I LOVE YOU. IM WISHING YOU WOULD FOLLOW ME. EVEN NOTICE ME?????
Pandora will get me through today.
I'm probably the last person that watched and do the #catdaddy? Life is complete. I'm ready for the next one!
Sad sad news about Steve jobs.
at some point your going to have to relinquish your privilege of being the only woman there.
Ps the food was homemade pasta salad with dill
my 499th tweet s/0 is to because i love her likee o m g
you said it lm Keep the flame burning.
Have you seen an agenda, or just guessing based on next meeting dates? I can't find anything on 6B website.
Honestly, it's like you WANT me to steal your dog.
Thanks! Lots of cool apps out there use. :)
Thank you for the kind words Mark.
it is in the kitchen now!
Super CoolThis is what happens when you unsubscribe from Groupon!
"It's difficult when every person place and thing is keeping me from her."
RT AND POST ON MY FB PAGE AS WELL AS GIVE IT TO MANY THAT MAYBE INTERESTED..THANK YOU FOR LETTING ME KNOW
If a female ask you to hold something make sure she pays you back if not that means she is using you. that's why she keeps coming back
OH now i know you! lol
Casting new reality show! Do you have a friend in a bad relationship? Should they break up? Email your story:
Today just isn't my day....time to release it off my chest. Writing lyrics
Every guy I know around my age still recognizes classic JayMewes lines instantly. Thanks for all the laughs!
cuz I don't have any.
is my hero, i love him!!!!
Thanks, Jesse! How is NY treating you?
Join us at NBM Long Beach booth #803 for happy hour Aug.11th & 12th on AnaJet! While your there enter our wear and win CASH drawing...
Top brand of #NFL Draft? #BudLight seemed to own the night. Good integration but those guys are just 22. Only a beer brand can pull that off
I'm mad right now
On a whim, played through some of Beethoven's 7th sonata tonight - some freakishly lovely parts in there - DvL
It's 8:36 & I'm currently driving to my 8:30 class... Do not take morning classes
is that a trick question?
When are #herecomethemummies coming back?
That's a weekly mental battle for me. Or buy new clothes instead of laundry.
free tats for life u get me in a film of urs even though u can buy anythin u want. 21 jump was funny as hell. great actor man
Margarito lost because of Pacquiao and the doctors
RT : I'm smoking TCHO in LA this Sunday 4 : Ppl always ask us if we ever get sick of eating chocolate. Answer?”
you suck at spelling Watever*
I'm really happy for you, and I'm gonna let you finish, but turntable.fm was the greatest DJ group of ALL TIME.
really were
absolutely delicious
Now Following ;)
nice! Have fun!
Why did you unfollow me three days after following me? Did you not like my to you?
Finally taking my acting into my own hands... It feels good.
I miss you guys so much ):
coroner and police on the west side of Lake Merritt ???
U bitch
I like how people are employed full time for sound reinforcement but they can't make the feedback go away.
If anyone has questions for Johan #Galtung, let us know on Twitter and we'll see if we can pass them on!
Whatevs friends come and then they go ~
:-)congrats on the baby!!
I'm happy to see #EndBullying trending b/c it spreads awareness but I wish there was no such evil as bullying. </3
Watching the fight wish ny baby was here
imean like, if u think im cute or w.e then keep in touch wid me, and IF u wanna be wid a boy again, lemme noe
omg i saw you today walking down the street like a badass
I jail-broke my phone RT : how did u get that name up in the corner??
Working 8-1:30 and then off two days.
but I like your purple better than my purple 😡
AND IT'S OH SO DIRTY. M CANADA I AM IN YOU
#ff my fav show as a kid
By leading a well-cultivated and stylish lifestyle of course!
Try saying "ponder the yonder" next time. Sounds even better when you say it with a slight twang.
Magician João Blümel will be gracing Diva with his magic and mind reading entertainment 8-10p tonight!
I've already started the standing ovation for Francona.
OF COURSE a hug and cocoa will be waiting. & you can only have a baby seal if he gets along with bunny.
SO TRUE
no, I can't say I do that one. You're on your own. Weirdo.
March 1931 The Star Spangled Banner becomes the National Anthem
looks great. Merry Christmas.
Hoping will follow me ~fingers crossed~
Good Morning!
if you're moving back to Boston in 3 months you'll need a new apartment, we can help
I'm writing a new song and it is coming along great. After we get a few more songs complete, we will be playing concerts in the Dallas area.
beautiful pictures. looks really peaceful
Hmm the milw journal sentinel doesnt have a final #brewer score but the chi tribune hmm
Nice Pic! Is that a real background, or photoshop?
Was that the TexAss? And why the hell do I remember the name of that doughnut?
The weather is so sexy today.
so far i like high school!! :)
I wanna go to the Tulip Festival again this April outside #Seattle!
im sorry haha(:
Dueling protests happening on Mass Ave right now re: Armenian genocide. Beware if you're driving/bus riding on embassy row.
To 720 bus.
Rissa G. Its about time that I found me a freak :-)
How have I never heard of the Green Diamond Gallery? One-day trip to Chicago sounds like a blast.
Lol! U at work?
you too!
Obama To Super Committee: Get It Done, But I'm Outta Here via
July is where its at. Cough** the 5th **cough
Getting ready to play Cinespace in Hollywood tonight, gonna be fun!
Thanks so much for the RT ;)
In photos Kristen Stewart always looks like it's her creepy uncle taking them
Thanks for coming all!
Bon Iver really should just legally change his name to Bon I-motherf**kin'-ver. Because holy crap. That was an amazing show last night.
Dropped by New Orleans Audi for tix giveaway. To say it is chaos would be an understatement. No plan for managing ppl here.
Patrick McCormack, SPHR - recent winner of SHRMJAX HR Professional of the Year - Large Company - Over 1,000 Employees.
It's Chipotle Friday here at Undoubtedly the best way to kick off the weekend.
I have to work early :-(
The future is a hundred thousand threads, but the past is a fabric that can never be rewoven.
You are too kind.
THANK U LORD, I'M ALL DONE W/JURY DUTY 4 THE NEXT 3yrs BABY, GOT CALLED 4 A PANEL OF 24 & TOLD US WE WEREN'T NEEDED, SO THEY SENT US HM!
Wish I had a chick to chill with right now
work in the morning .. i ain't trippin' im use to about 4 hrs of sleep on the weekends .*shrugs*
I love that tunnel! I wanna throw a party there...a silent party!!!! Lol
Thank you for the congrats!
Thanks for the mention.
You can tell an art professional by their unusual, yet sensible shoes.
#IWouldNeverEver sell or buy a fake bag!! 100% authentic.
been MIA for a bit...will be back and tweeting in just a few more days! take care till then tweeps! keep spreading the love!
with you hosting SNL I finally have some faith that it will actually be a funny this season.
I'm not even watching anymore, this is straight up UFC.
Just signed up our first group of runners for Jingle Bell 5K!
Go to church come home get drunk i love sundays.
I make up stories and poems all the time but rarely write them down. Not sure why.
Newest guilty pleasure - watching reality shows about cake! I can't wait to get home to watch Cake Boss and the Ultimate Cake Off recordings
That was one hell of a walk-off by Obama. Baller gait.
Nokia 603 Review – The Smartphone for Everyone! - SymbianTweet
Tough AM to be a #Steelers fan, although last nite's #DowntonPBS premiere almost made me forget my sadness. Glad work will keep me busy!
Soccer is the only thing I'm addicted to. I need to call the homies and get a kick-around started before gets dark
@ dalton, but again she blogged expert and vigorous
. The only path you stand ready to lead us down is the yellow brick road to taxcuts for the rich.
Ugh, Chanyeol. Stop.
Hi Blake, like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better understand how brands are perceived. Follow me 2 DM?
RT : What?! Get a video! RT : So the Saddledome has new beer taps that fill the cup from the bottom.
AND OUR WINNER IS CORRECT ANSWER - IS DANIEL CORMIER -- FOLLOW
Austin Mahone is a belieber boy. It's a fact. watch some video of him. There's some of Justin Bieber photos on his wall. He's not a wannabe.
I really hate when guys half hug. that's like shaking my hand.
Hey Grant hope things are going well...just was talking about u today when I ran into Paul at Edward Jones
Thank you SO much for helping with my image/branding homework the other week in Studio City. So grateful! You rock!!! : )
I've GOT to see a professional about my fear of the dark smh
And the search for the best noodles in Chicago will continue on Sunday.
Imma just ignore
..In the world?! Considering you've been around the world I'll take your word for it :) Cant wait to ck it out some time.
And the job search still continues! Boo.
if u ever need a grocery shopping tour, I'm of service!
Support women not hateful speech! Pull your ads!
I already have a few good questions! How would 3pm work out for you? btw, my number is 914-844-9556 and on skype: Mary Coopman
you obviously haven't seen all our ads. keep looking!
1605- King James I granted charters to the #Virginia Company to found colonies in the New World. Jamestown & Plymouth are the result.
you are legit!! ;)
RT : Without Fernando Torres' goals this season, Chelsea would still be in the exact same position in the league.
Thunder is right!
right here
me too, thanks squirt!
Perhaps you could adopt a shelter dog named "Wego."
Alan Kay: Learning a new idea requires almost as much creativity as the original invention.
Failure is a Wonderful Teacher
A three hour tour! A three hour tour!
Growing up fast
the guy with the purple sticker thing almost stole that one though. for some reason people take mine seriously
I can't wait until the Olympics this year. :) It's gonna be awwwessoooomeeeeeee. I love so many of the summer sports.
man. Gonna be fun though! I'm from the West Coast, these will all be new spots (aside from DC and NY)
Watching at 2 a.m. :D
ha! Bless their hearts.
Oy. Nothing is a more poignant reminder that I am getting old than dealing with the after math. Not brilliant. At all.
Sometimes locations aren't worth the effort. Shooting at f2.8 , I could have shot in a messy house
Hey Tijah, just checking if you still need some artwork...do you?
FW:|
Skinny ties for all at the baby shower.
Envy is when someone walks around with a pocket full of "that should've been me."
you can bring us Kentucky bbq.
Great blog. You guys are rock stars. Keep it coming.
We just hit 52k on , all downhill from here!
Bloody snot rockets... #awkward things talked about at Sagebrush worship rehearsal.
My eardrums are bleeding shit was so loud lol
We kinda feel the same, there is a lot of hype around this IPO.
Who needs the spa! We have plenty of mud! Sign up today @ www.swampdash.com
Too bad "dancing with the stars" isn't really about launching washed up celebs into outer space, never to be seen or heard from again
did you have fun beating up rake yohn in haggard?
Off to Disney day two!
: I agree >_< if I remember correctly, you were super sweet
Very cool- saw them at tiny Cricket pavilion in SD few yrs ago, they always think of great new stuff for their shows!
I think I'm getting sleepy finally ...yay
it went so well I just have to see how everything goes with the next step ! I loved it!! ❤😍💘
Great overview of creating a #RubyOnRails app by Rod Paddock.
Watching Bulls vs Spurs.
love your back ground!!!
It is easy and cheap to by a phone with a local number in the UK. Pay as you use it and keep your number for next time
Kelly's/Kincaids!
I just need someone who'll love me the way I know I need to be loved, not the way they think I wanna be loved.
Rest In Peace Girl. How I Wish I Could Be In Heaven! U Will Be Missed On Earth But We All Kno U Are In The BESTEST place EVER!
I would miss my banchan too! LA has the largest Korean population outside of Korea. #krazyforkimchi Enjoy...
Well, it's 1 a.m. Better go home and spend some quality time with the kids.
And I'm proud to be an American, where at least I know I'm free. And I won't forget the men who died, who gave that right to me. ~Lee...
Hawaii Pacific Solar Installs Conergy Solar Modules and Mounting Systems for Department of Education at Aeia High ...
Try modeling, because you honestly can't "sing" without auto-tune.
baby seal
Artistic BEASTS right here! RT : #FF to these amazing artists
Study hall(:
sorry to hear that! Karma will get them and if you're lucky you'll get to watch it happen
In making crepes, you can indulge your creativity - The News Journal
where are you going?
I don't wanna think I just wanna drink
It was the most entertaining play of the game.
Good or bad point in your life when Activia commercials turn you on?
It is the creative potential itself in human beings that is the image of God. - Mary Daly
Ah poor Jordo!! I hate to see her cry too!!
Get in and try our Bistec a la Mexicana Torta Grilled ribeye w/sautéed bell peppers, onions, topped w fresh avocado!
Hey #EBUS118 students... there was a siting on campus... They're in the parking lot getting ready. I hope you're hungry!
Anyone seen my sunglasses?
no she sucks...
Chia seeds in greek yogurt with honey and flax seed meal, rich earthy green tea CROSSFIT photos last night got me motivated.
I'm going to die in the library. Die.
Today's just not my day.
Twitter flipped to old twitter, now back to new twitter. I haven't seen Inception. Is this it?
The butcher backed into the meat grinder and got a little behind in his work.
What have people been doing at #THATCamp? Going to my first one in a couple of weeks.
I don't think that any artist or band could come even as close to covering Adele as well as One of my favorite covers, by far. :'3
You have no idea what you're just done...You've awakened a blue storm
Contemplating... RT : I love Jenga & Juice, but seriously...Scrabble & Sap...I'm tellin ya, it'd blow minds.
n/m just thinking bout ya..u?
iced is nice, but hot hits the spot!
On another note..."Lotus Flower Bomb" is one hot track.
sounds good...I just got off work...Imma go clean up...hit the dispense n head ur way...coo?
ringringring!! HI luis! Thanks for following! Talk soon!
One should always be in love. That is the reason one should never marry. Oscar Wilde
Intros day two at
Oh, but it's not, apparently. He started yelling, "AW IT'S NOT THIS PARK!!!" But he's over it.
ugghhh tired jus wanna lay down nd rest for at least an hour.
who's your favorite team?
Omg my first mention in MONTHS sucked! Tf? 
RT : I WILL FOLLOW now on Netflix, KINYARWANDA @ EbertFest this wk, MIDDLE OF NOWHERE selected LA FF gala, RESTLESS CITY opens 4/27.
Hell's Kitchen: Life of the Irish tour planned for March 12! Celebrate St. Patty's Day w/ a little history before the parade!
I hate it when I get hacked. Sorry to those who got spoofed. I hope I have fixed this.
Would not be at TCU if I hadn't lol
Early going 107 cappers with picks on today's NFL championship games with 3 consensus from these pks so far with more to come
CONCERTS ARE MAKING ME BROKE... But at the same time they're giving me the best experiences of life and keeping me happy. Gahd.
Doing a snoozer of a project. Is this REALLY why I spent 10 years in college?
We seem to make this stock market so complicated. Basically, the season of the BEAR is now upon us regardless I the bullish news.
hope all is well with
if Lady Gaga and Justin Beiber got into a fight, who would win? lol
The recap is often better than the show itself.
ya and of course in stuck at monticello for work an cant do ramp class. This sucks!
I believe that is correct!!
So, business calls:) #CEO has work to do! :)
I THINK HE NEEDS TO COME IN MY BED LIKE NOW !
you should always be dressed for the end of the world!
If you're taking photos, send them to -- we'll display them on the big screen at the afterparty!
Thought he was supposed to be out a few more weeks?
I don't know why I own lipstick if i always forget to put it on
Today 1969: A 7-day protest began on the campus of University of Wisconsin with over 10,000 students demanding a Black Studies Department.
#Huguely atty:"it wouldn't be fair to his client not to have proper representation".Co-counsel ill. Proceeding w/other witnesses.
My boobs been feeling heavy & they look bigger >>>> must be eating good
he's the NBA Peyton Manning lol
Cool just got told 3 times lol I'm leaves *wipes tears*
This is first day in 6 months with no meetings, shoots, kids, printing, writing, openings, or other deadlines. #FinallyGetSomethingDoneDay!
Evaluate your corporate culture. It should dictate the level of performance so they're no surprises at review time.
Really miss you, You and the family have been on my mind. Sending lots of hugs and prayers!
what you're saying is isn't the only accident prone Stoli in the house.
Columbia heights homecoming was sick, fun seeing all my old friends (:
what's his twitter name, not sure if I follow him or not.
I worked at Circuit City in HS. We used to burn, then explain digital cameras to old people. Fun times.
Did you try the link and were you able to go directly to the funny part?
Did you ever imagine what it would be like if your cooling system allow you to control temperature and air quality? Check out our website
WTF are you talking about? You have 3 followers?
RT : Looking forward to launch of Dell's Social Media Listening Command Center today at HQ. Thx to our SM team and
Ice cube in coors light commercial... #Howlowdoyougo #wtf #really?
I'll break your heart,like I break the laws.
Gossip Girl TONIGHT!
A Fan's Notes is up there with End Zone (if anything is).
"But the other two pilots... they're just fine. They're at the controls flying the plane... free to pursue a life of religious fulfillment."
Jennifer Lopez Married in Mexico to Casper Smart – Photo
Intel&#39;s first server chips with 3D transistors coming this quarter ...
if youre still home get mine...i doubt you are tho
We've been forced into a triumphant return to the social networks under penalty of The Judas Cradle! So Let's do this. Lots to talk about.
This is all it takes to lose up to 20lbs in 1 month. 1 person got started on the Skinny Body Challenge Today. My goal is to help 4 more...
Please follow our cause Dan we would love to have you on board.
Boston Restaurant Week ENTREES!
Please teach my Prof. that marketing is a PROCESS of which advertising is part of, they are NOT the same thing!
hagerup chocked on his 2 attempts. Hasn't been the same punter as he was last year
Happy New Year! In 2010, our users crawled 12.75 billion URLs and processed 118 CPU-years!!
No comment.
"The people in the New Media Center are my HEROES. I seriously love you guys." From Eagle Rants--library loves this!
Putting finishing touches on my chair remarks for #newacc session at #nwaohc12 complete with Peter Venkman line:
I still fire up Google in an anonymous window sometimes for stuff like that, but DDG for the rest. It's decent.
Congrats on ur acceptance into .#SistersDoNBigThings. One of the best decisions I've ever made!
So, how is you're day going? Mine...not so well...
try rebooting while holding eject
Oh great, the power is out
#EmailMarketing Tip 31: 36% of consumers say email marketing has become more relevant in last 12 months. (e-Dialog 2011)...
it was American Airlines. Kind of scary. You're probably right, "high speed tape." Haha.
I will be at the Brew Fest in Winter Haven Florida on April 9th! Come out and enjoy some craft beers and a new line of beer truffles!
Vulcans are a deeply spiritual people. :)
Come on Giants Defense stand up!!!
will be having its next PREPUMP ALERT get ready this is one you wont wanna miss!!!
absolutley i hope they sweep them...prob unlikely but if we can & get some rest....that would b perfect!
its at 7 and at the hotel by naaman
outreach team: dropping off a laptop at the storehouse
Fuck u too jorge! I dont need u in my fucken life! Ugh I should have never went out with u! Fucken player </3
Offering some amazingly good summer deals for last minute brides (15% off!)! Socialconstructevents.com for contact info. Happy Monday!
well it's fight week! I'm pretty big into ufc so I'm all about this bones jones-Evans fight on sat. Bout it, lady.
Badger hockey fans—recruit Grant Besse (He of the 5 goal performance in the MN state title game) is now on Twitter:
Charlotte Beers' advice to women: Learn what you have 2 offer & articulate it well. Also, u don't hv to b the person u r at home, at work.
Awesome use of a document camera to show apps on devices at the Mobile Apps session.
recording later day... tweet me some song ideas for me to cover! :)
Happy birthday Brian
Quality of Life Outcomes for Torture Survivors lecture @ Lohrfink Auditorium NOW.
"Like. Comment. Share." is an #art & #socialmedia experiment by the Curatorial Practices students in AU #ArtsManagement. Join us
Zimmerman's Lawyers Just Quit they lost contact with him
OK - Thanks, I didn't see it and wondered about her. I heard some of his Dad on the news.
RT : Hitting the town this weekend? Support your local independent restaurants, bars, cafes & pubs.
going to start a nudist colony, bye world
"My episode of My Strange Addiction airs in late June, and my episode of Hoarders airs in early August."
“: Tomorrow we kick off Season Number 9! Thanks for all the love - it is mutual!" see you in the morning!
Heading to Texas Spirit to see "You Hurt My Feelings" by Steve Collins.
Twitter keeps me entertained at times..
The holidays are here! I'm thinkin everyone is going to need a lil Lush Confections for parties/gifts this year!
Tell us your sick beat stories! we will post them!
RT : NEWSWIRE: Turkey Gobbles Just As Man On Hunting Trip Tells Father He's Gay
Why am I always so pissed off
Do not listen to those who weep and complain, for their disease is contagious. ~ Og Mandino
fine how r u
i don't know
A good sign if you ask me!
Political expediency.
This also a fave >>> RT my mind is still blown by that FF he had on Big Ben. still blows my mind
...waiting for the sun to shine on me....-con-
Dale Sveum a Cub / Theo Epstein makes his mark / will Prince soon follow?
LOVING 6/29/11 guesting on Jay & Silent Bob Get Jobs podcast. Come hear the softer side of Ralph on Smodcast,com
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys💙
Why do people outside the Eastern time zone insist on using the expression "film at 11"?
Top of the morning!
everyone changed so much this year.
stop your mom is the cutest person ever
#TGIF!! How SWEET it is!! ..lol
How do they get a deer to cross at that yellow road sign?
let our string quartet serenade your special event!
can u come by our radio station CRUNKFORCHRIST RADIO IN ATLANTA,WHEN U COME TO ATLANTA,WE ARE STATION AM1100,
Getting our ass's wrecked 4 real smh
Getting ready for a productive day!
remember: marriage is the number one cause of divorce.
setting up fb
I love ! I love and even more! I want you guys to win! So inspiring :)
Silent Nights uses nanotechnology developed by LifeWave communicates with the body’s energy meridians similarly to how acupuncture works.
Sister-in-law: How can kids learn words like "Decepticon" but they can't form full sentences?
Clooney was robbed.
I really think it would be good use of model minority & stress process - thanks for the tip
hey thanks for your tweet I showed my audience how Twitter worked! It was a great "live" illustration :)
since ISTE i joined twitter n made my qr code!Proud girl!
Law & Order: FDA busted a company for a make believe clinical trial...tisk tisk.
What the fudge?!?!
“: Two goldfish are in a tank. One turns to the other and asks, "How the hell do you drive this?"”
What's worse on stage: a burp coming up when you're singing, or dropping your guitar pick in the sound hole?
That's a hidden gem of a wine. The regular Grignolino is a terrific spaghetti wine, too.
I disagree with this entire tweet except the spring > winter part.
Love Scott. Such an ass.
wow! I didn't kno that! She good. She's grown as a hell
please follow, i'd love u forever if you did! ..
I'm over you and your actions
What's more important than the hour or so at the gym? The other 23 hours! What u eat, how u sleep, stress...keep it all in check!
"What great thing would you attempt if you knew you could not fail?" Robert H. Schuller
who is signing new artist rapper inquiry landlord follows
happy bday boo
Tell more People about !!
Figured out how to play "Paint It Black" on my guitar in 5 minutes. Yes, I am patting myself on the back.
School sucks 👎
Which reminds me I haven't done kellebrities in like a week omfg
I'm one giant ball of excitement!
I wish my cuzin was out to be at his son's funeral.
so irritating I don't get that channel. Haven't been able to watch any of the games
it's all we need :D
FRANKENSTEIN by Mary Shelley. #fridayreads What are you reading?
#MyBiggestFlaw is Im flawless
To clarify, this is not about 'best' but 'celebrity' pastry chef and how that really doesn't exist in Seattle.
Thanks for the follow, Giovanni!
I hate when blogs have links in them that don't open up a new window. Awful for your blog and for viewer.. Makes me not want to visit again.
SO much going on this year! Global is just the tip of the ice berg - but an AWESOME tip!
I hate American idol now
i'll have to celebrate with a post workout pbj
come to our open house for prospective students this Saturday at 11AM, Room 610, Pratt Manhattan Campus (144 W. 14th St. NYC)
Thanks bro means a lot
dear lord
There's nothing like a good animal planet session after a good tough day of training!
dude a 59 is by far way more rare!! Only has happened what 5-6 times ever in PGA history?
Steam - I am in the same boat here. Hoping its just allergies.
Giving out pocket money in Strand Books is obviously a good idea.
Can we trade 4 Reed Johnson just so he can never do anything bad against us again? Kills us offensively & defensively. & by tearing Yo's ACL
Ha! RT It doesn't matter how old you are- if a balloon is about to hit the floor, you dive for that shit.
RT : I want a faithful relationship though..
I'm in school right now.
I do it to its worse when I put something in the oven and forget to turn it on... Hehe
Damn, I like the way you walk (; #choppin'it
#WeStoppedTalkingBecuase your baby mama called my phone with the DRAMA***
.: "like we did this morning, #Nobel laureates should always visit schools to connect with youth"
she bad!!
One way or other I'm getting YOU on film!! #TwitterMovie Just asked someone if you're riding your horse out West soon! HA!
Love it! So proud of you! RT : Feeling real good about the events of the day so far.
Women behind Listen to Your Mother walked interesting paths - The Spokesman Review
yep he just left my house headed to yours!!!
Mom i love you but this trailers got to go GQ
just 3? Still to far, Should've just stayed and played basketball!
Get your Puccia in this beautiful morning .... Noon lunch time
RT : Meet #Abq's newest radio station: Kid Safe, Family Friendly: SHINE 97.7 FM!!! Follow & "Like" them on Facebook!
night babygirl. i love you :)
There's snow! Definitely didn't think that would happen with how the weather was last week
Been there done that, lol twice within two days count yourself lucky ha
Almost just took out a biker while opening my car door...
Happy and tired hehe RT "Exercise gives you endorphins. Endorphins make you Happy." ;D
Finals week= my national championship game
RT : Amazing but true fact: Mo Rivera came off DL 9 yrs ago today, he's never gone back on. Durability central to genius.
sleepless nights
I KNOW I SAW THAT I WAS LIKE THATS EXCELLENT
Out and about.
Lucked out and got a sweet used car that works!
Ive Always Wanted To Know This what city are you most excited to go to for the tour ? :D
i love Cyrillic nails, they make my hands look more classy
“: Any birthday plans?
Looking for a job? Need to pay for spring break? Campus Rec is looking for officials this semester. Pay is $10/hr. Email
but seriously.
This has been a so to say interesting night. To The Dome tomorrow. Go Panthers!! ;)
The awkward moment when you’re trying to get over someone you never
help paulie! RT In St Pete FL - feeling really sick. Someone bring me soup
RT : The are really being represented by the speakers at #cda11!
you are loving this too much!
Happy Halloween! Did anyone catch the costumes? So creative! What did you all think?
Nap? Yes, I do agree.
"I hate living in braddock absolutely hate it nobody fuckn delivers to dis place ugh" you know this been like that 4 years lol
Bradley Cooper? Really?
i wanna see beauty and the beast in 3D! (:
Cleaning my room takes forever... -_-
Floyd Mayweather just won $1.8M on that epic #Clippers comeback. This guy knows how to gamble!
loves bigger 💗
:-( very sad and disturbing on so many levels!
wishin the Hawks could pull off a big upset tonight...
Roe: can't hold kids hostage in poor schools. They only have once chance. Giving same ex. about chronic absenteeism we've heard before.
i want nathan ryan's number!
Another great haircut experience at local #Austin owned - Thanks! Wouldn't go anywhere else!
I think one of the reasons I'm not as excited for the new Star Trek film is because they're being so secretive. Give me a break.
The Penguins are finished, but I'll watch to the bitter end (probably Wednesday).
S/O to my new follower
Happy may!
Mom cheered me upp :)
I was sick too!! Feel better!
“ A man is known by the company he organizes. -A. #Bierce #afb”
any word on Diamond?
Contract meeting today for a large sporting event. Keeping my fingers crossed.
“To succeed, jump as quickly at opportunities as you do at conclusions.”
Running away from your problems is a race you'll never win.
Hi there! Great meeting you too. Have been slammed this past week, but will get back to you shortly.
yeah, I'm pretty sure they said to come in the 19, that way just in case there's a mess up they can fix it before the wedding
"I can't pretend a stranger is a long-awaited friend." From the song, "Limelight" by RUSH
Stock cabinets, which are the least expensive of new cabinet options, are premade and come in standard sizes.
Woke up like " who turned the alarm on" lol HELO GOVNOR! Lol
Not aware of any research that supports cubes and presenteeism = results from knowledge workers. Might hear that, but no data.
My Baby Carlton Called Me Today, I'm Gone Have To Call Him Back
sorry dude, just checked twitter now
let me know if you find a good one. I'm looking as well
ROFL & CGU! U guys woke me up with Your loud wrds! SMH
Defeat is not the worst of failures. Not to have tried is the true failure. - George Edward Woodberry
I have to say goodbye to my first car, Prixie today. I'll get her back one day..... :(
later dude!!!
Dear users, STOP CHEATING. You're eying mayorship deals for everyone. #sls12 cc:
I miss you to:(
I know where I'm going cause I'm know where I been. #;
I dont kno why i let it get this far...
Ditto! I think that made it confusing for me growing up. 8 years touring choir
no fan of Keynes, here's what he'd say re groupon: Markets can remain irrational longer than you can remain solvent
It's the weather! We recommened Rusk Deep Shine Oil! What is going on with my hair?! It is so much frizzier than usual!
I think needs to travel with the team more often
Hollis Thompson will enter the NBA Draft and plans to sign with an agent. In other words, there's no coming back
The "sixth sick sheik's sixth sheep's sick" is said to be the toughest tongue twister in the English language.
:( So sorry. Have fun at the CMAs and be sure to catch Sarah Darling & Ayla Brown!
The Outsiders is on what a great movie!
ya don't answer my messages either. Or squish my wife too thats cool!!!
My mom deserves to win bc she did everything possible to provide me what I needed as a single mom!
Last day at the OMEA convention. Extrememly busy yesterday. Should be a good day today as well.
Buy it.
Enjoyed meeting up and providing feedback!
Oh, that online article is in today's hard copy!
i need my baby in my arms
RT Driving to Philadelphia. ETA 9:03 PM using Waze - Drive Social
Got my droid today. Got to say I like it much better than my blackberry!
Let's not forget about Kemba RT : RT : The year of the weird name! Charl, Jimmer, whose next?
Love Steve "The Snapper" Jones.
I swear the only good thing about going to my dads is getting a break from my mother!!!
Im not ready for love, ready for love, ready for lo-ove<3
so why do you hang out with ?
Exterminators of the Year 3000 was an amazing/awful movie. Thanks Mystic Crystal Revelations Movie Club, & Cafe Brasil
having mixed emotions
No problem. I think your instincts are right on with this one. *hugs*
A SWING AND A MISS...... BALL GAME AT THE CORNER OF CARNEGIE AND ONTARIO !!
I agree..I have been voting nonstop as well!
Bedtime stories! 's biography is so good! Read it!
your soo sexy!!
Thank you, Colonel!
will you fly us out too?
That's hilarious. They must really be making a weekend of it since they were doing all yesterday afternoon too.
No, I refuse to serve you next Tuesday, Nikki Adeli! (Not because I'll be at the science fair or anything…) ;)
Time for a smoke
EWE! I hope they catch him... Ugh! People these days...
thank you Ted! Have a fantastic day!
OMG!! Is she? When is her comeback?
My world is cold and silent today.
“: Just stole seat!! :)))” it's okay I farted pretty good in it. Your welcome. 💨
I feel free! :)
Redefining racism: Romanian dictionary corrects anti-Semitic and anti-Roma words - National Post
You will LOVE it! RT : Good topic. I just started reading Leaving Atlanta by Tayari Jones.
is the trace from the backend node available? gist looks like frontend only
Thank you + + for believing in me. May Jesus be so exalted and lives be changed by our partnership. xx
follow back loco
haha you look 30 now :p
Got it, thanks for checking our page out!
Thanking my blessings every day that I am smart enough to learn from my mistakes!
HAHAHAHA....I LOVE IT!!!! Hilarious!
Thanks for the follow Andrew. Hope all is well and you're enjoying this amazing
Lovin' me some Deadmau5 right now.
Congrats to all my fellow graduates today! #hatsoff #Classof2012 🎉👏🎓🍻
Gulfport FL: T and Me Tea savory Tiffany tart, banana caramel crunch fruit hand roll and green sakura cherry tea.
seems like u had fun!! Glad you met them again:)
SORRY guys i have been MIA.. i was alittle under the weather... new casting will be posted soon...
How can u hav a future, when u holdin on to da past... Its like walkn wit to eyes closd and Ur hands glued to ur ass. Lol!
This is the most pathetic musical performance I have ever seen
Well, according to Wikipedia, the sandwich originated in Nebraska or NY? I don't know...but my mom always made them for St. Patrick's Day.
Poor trevy got his wisdom teeth pulled today :(
This is awesome. RT : I always add "Be Awesome" to my 'to-do' list... Its nice to cross something off right away.
I will step out of my "comfort zone" and reach toward several new beginnings! Some times it is scarey :) but I will reach anyway! GoXtreme!
Gotta admit, sideburns.php would make an ace blog name for WP tuts.
When asked how he did it so fast?(Josh Bazell) luck..found a good agent. 1st Agent did not want him, second found him. What a find.
hey, you wanna collab?
My new skin care obsession: Arcona
L&#39;attirail » Blog Archive » Add Spice And Jazz Up Your Myspace ...
I've been trying to text you for a week
well it was from my fridge.
if you're constipated, that means 'YOU AIN'T SHIT!' LLAMF!!!!!
This is good, yes?
Just played 'Wind Cries Mary' on the guitar. Haven't got the solo down yet, but I'm working on it.
i think they could benefit from sociology 101
#sportspetpeeves When people always think national announcers are biased
yes, I believe I have heard of her ;)
Sending hugs the way of one of my favs !
hola how goes?
Check out Free online tool for documenting developmental milestones/memories! Parents and teachers LOVE IT!
Where was Brooks Conrad when this happened?
Thank you. He was a great guy, kind of a 2nd father, jokester, loved by everyone. My cousin gave an amazing eulogy.
The best time to start is now. You may never be as ready as you are at this moment.
Dear haters, first off you should know that I'm writing this with my middle finger<3
My life is all about being good to others and not being an asshole. I have no time for meanies, no matter who they are.
“: "old people click, young people like". Period. #pasummit”
CHECK YOUR MAIL KIDS!
3 New Photos up! Woo!
We are now running a special #photography rate - $50 per hour! Contact us for details soon :)
You went to Rock on 3rd! You brought the bro-dom upon yourself!
Or it's because I haven't seen my winkie in two bloody years! Long enough to declare it clinically dead!
haven't heard it but just by his singles I can tell.
Not your first rodeo! So true.
The contestants are continuing to roll in and we're so excited! It's going to be a great time! :)
lol nah it's yellow. I ain't been eating or drinking since my wisdom teeth got yanked.
just had great convio with another possible #dotnetnuke team! dccodeathon.com is really shaping up to be a multiplatform event!
really? Wow, I will have to get my mommy to make me an appointment....grunt..
Keep the dreams BiG and your worries SMALL
you would have to watch your shows by yourself.. No one deserves that...no one.
*hears the editing cave call my name...uh oh, be afraid...very afraid*
And the win again.. this is basebal at it's finest baby
Rafael Nadal draws first blood. Breaks Djokovic. It's 3-2 in the first set and 4:12 AM here in USA. How stupid is the concept of a tweet.
I simply cannot SCREAM this enough... BE CHOOSEY!!! You ALWAYS have a choice. Choice defines who you are!!!! Join our fb page!!
“: The awkward moment when you go for a high five and the other person turns away.” does this to me every time
Planning for profit or sustained success? There is a difference.
I can only hope that someday the movie about my life starts with "this is the story of three wales that saved my life."
I'm light years ahead of my peers
Celebrating 101 Years of Achievement! Happy Founders Day to All The Brothers of Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity, Inc. !
Birthday next week 
I just passed my prospectus defense. Whew. Now the fun part: data collection. Whoohooo!
everything makes me think of TLS. Children, boats, dogs, cats.1
Nights like this I wish I was in love!
I was half-asleep, so first I was like "oh, someone is here, breathing. That seems normal." Then horror after that.
It's world Aids day today and everyone at #Actionred has come together to celebrate and memorialize! Come down to Emergency Arts to see!
Good length, a bit of stretch, maintains shape, washes well, bold/fun colors. tees fit that bill well!
oh, then my pimping task broadens! xox
seriously an honor
If you were starting a #MLB #Fantasy #Keeper league tomorrow and you could pick between #Strasburg and #Aroldis #Chapman - who ya got?
hi to chris carter for me! true buckeye fan. we really miss his son @ osu!
Just touched down in #Detroit... smells like baseball and Easter bunnies!!!
The only way to deal with an unfree world is to become so absolutely free that your very existence is an act of rebellion. —Camus
RT Love the reminder! Getting into gear myself :)
haha. it's how melville uses first-person free indirect discourse to show the limits to ishmael's beliefs via interactions w/ queequeg
I guess i am in need of a serious bowl of milk and nutter butters ; )
I hate traffic court 🔨 😒
yes! free follow up eye appointment! 3:40pm on friday (self reminder)
Fat Gary is even better on
Real Housewives of New Jersey Jewish Edition: family reunion very shortly...who doesn't love barbeques & Jewish moms?
Penn Virginia Misses Overall
we come to la, I got a record label called rokkstar records, we can put you out.
There's this sweet boy who is battling cancer, and his biggest wish is to trend on Twitter. Let's make it happen!
I tell them all the time to end their friendship and they don't listen, I'm not helping them anymore when drama happens
seriously?i was fo-reals about giving you a card !
Valdy ‘warm and comfortable as a wool sweater’
I bought Van Halen I it was the best damn record I ever owned...
feel better! so worth it, ya look hot
Welcome to all the new followers! Hope to see you on July 17 at Argo Tea, Adams and Dearborn at 8am!
love the #Starbucks new store concepts in #Seattle!
I Cheated On My Fears, Broke Up With My Doubts, Got Engaged To My Faith And Now I'm Marrying My Dreams...
hello from SoCal and thanks for following.
your clock story is masterful. (Have you written or chatted about mystery clocks? We have one--a family heirloom.)
you saw that had a catch right? And he dropped one less pass than Welker.
Someone on campus just handed me a free novel (Rich Shapero's *Too Far*) w/ a soundtrack & access to an app w/ artwork. Thanks!
hell yea I'm at work
Im trying to get through Blowback, start Morality of Capitalism, and maybe Hunger Games
Going to start working with some folks from RN soon...looking forward to the collaborations....T
"Today we learned about purple weed and sex in a stairwell." <= "Will this be on the test?"
only one more week of unemployed bliss...what in the world will you do with your time?
S/O To all my new followers.... Just mention me and I'll
Hey Stephen Reid,My cancer is all gone now. I'm excited for launch and it was great meeting you in Seattle.Riiker_Blade aka Glen S.
6 Flags today with
That's some booty! Already outta say it wit ya chest & alright alright alright shirts in my size!!
98% on math team test
I have a quick temper, but my weakness is giving people too many chances when they havent even earned them.
This is not the time to get sick :(
Happy First Anniversary!! So glad I got to be a part of your special day. Hope today is wonderful.
Yes! A well-done accessibility-related podcast would be wonderful.
haha that's one way of looking at it. I think I may be a little too mature to settle for that tho, even here.
script ....and directing on my mind.
Good Morrow To You , U R Welcome Sir Hinton
I was just followed by I know would find this amusing as he believes I'm deaf.
Just realized I'm working on something later this month that is going 2 piss some of you guys off..But hopefully it'll make most of u happy!
yo my brotha we might have a calabo with and in the making when rule get out we'll see!
nope! hacienda is up for sale! :P
Gift Realty NM wishes all a wonderful day.
Damn that strap!!
Good morning world!! I feel great today and I only have God to thank for that🙏🙏 everyone have a blessed and happy day
Oh, I had no idea you started a new twitter. Neat!
Please & Thank You!
what you skip class to do
Phins got schooled last night. Next up are the Texans. We haven't beat them yet. Doesn't look too good for us. Got to step it up.
I want a German Shepard sobbadly I miss having one :(
am fully allocated with $EPD. would consider buying more if price breaks down between $48 - $50.
Thanks for the #FF sugar booty
It would be great if you could do some video blogs! I teach gender studies and could share with students
lmao you so damn silly but I am mad. I hate stuff like that.
well thanks for the kind words! thanks for following us! if you can make it out to a show then please do!
I just walked into my sisters school and got free breakfast. Teaching bums across the world!!
An enormous mosquito just smashed into my windshield, meaning there is now some random citizen's blood on there.
I hadn't heard that Vernazza had flooded in October. One of my favorite places. Good luck to the residents as they rebuild.
And yes I realize that's old news, I however did not hear about this until two days ago. Lovely way to end the otherwise shit day that was.
11% of girls do not consider themselves beautiful. 11-15 age is vulnerable & best time to get them to increase self esteem
I'd call Jacoby's catch an Andrew Luck-y bounce.
Even though you're miles away, I still will never change my feelings that's inside cause I'm gonna stick with you.
Charlie sheen fired from two and half men.
We like shout outs! Del Rey in Belltown ;) All night happy hour tonight, 1/2 off tequila makes the rain go away?
hugs! How are ya?
The more the GOP tries to minimize the credit the President should get for OBL, the tinier Republicans look. Say he did good and move on pls
that's what I thought. Thanks!
HFC met with the executives of a joint Korean and Mongolian hospital, UB-Songdo Hospital.
to retrieve a quarter!
Bring out the Summer Abs... Mat Class tonight at 6pm!!!
Yep, that's a fantastic paper.
Breathless strip club with my niggas
listening to The Wiggles + Leo Sayer covering his "You Make Me Feel Like Dancing." Can it get stranger? yes. They do the chorus in Greek!
Fister working on a No No through 6IP
Hippies, communists and lesbians at 2pm. Twins, amputees and zebras at 3pm. Make it a double feature.
So, not only is my birthday on a MONDAY, but a lot of my kids are going to Six Flags on a field trip that day!
I have a feeling your sis could help you out. (but I recommend the opposite of her opinion) :)
Well, I love rusty spoons. :)
I abandoned Facebook. My Klout score is at its lowest, but my productivity is up and SERP positions are climbing. Twitter -- you're ne-X-t!
Classy Manhattan stripper lap dancer kickin it tonight! A beauty is a woman you notice; a charmer is one who notices you.
1100 more words to write on my last research paper for my master's and then I can have my social life back
Took the G out your waffle, All you got left is your ego
Oh you're welcome... Glad to see you again. We really appreciate it!
Wednesday and the work week is halfway finished! Today is home to our CHICKEN PAPRIKASH 5.99 SPECIAL!
What's up thanks for the follow!
RT Just took the most intense power yoga class south beach. I am sweating head to toe! What an awesome workout!
Who can i look to for inspiration to try and get better grades.~ asdjl.
Good morning, Stella! Have you looked over the info we sent you last week? We'd be more than happy to send it again.
Thanks for the info!
WELL ONE, HE HAS A GIRLFRIEND TWO, I DON'T THINK SHE'S LEGAL AND THREE, SHALVO
"I'm on a seaweed diet" "Oh word?" "Yeah, I see weed & I smoke it" 💨✌
Not sure if I'm still blacked out or if I'm actually comprehending what is being said to me
It's worse than that. He was awarded a Nobel Peace Prize to ENCOURAGE him to be a peacemaker.
People shouldn't wear jeans to an afternoon holiday pops concert? Really?
"If they want to do it and they're excited about doing it, it will happen" -Tommy on the importance of faculty #EdTech PD
Working on an article on this very thing--do you mind sharing your stat source? Many thanks!
Happy #AprilFoolsDay: Ours isn't the only culture to celebrate silliness. The Romans observed religious holidays called the "hilaria."
what I want to know is: how do you make a 1-D flick 3-D? Maybe they'll at least shorten it....
LOL! You are too funny! Thanks
Boo to you.
DYING to go to the MADMEN event and very sad it's sold out. Any way to still get a ticket?
YEAH for : Good morning Tweeter-ville. I'm in a packing frenzy today, because tomorrow I'm going to Africa! #bestillmyheart”
Grosvenor Square continues to win acclaim! Check out our website or the reviews on Amazon & Barnes and Noble to see what people are saying!
Woops I'm a lil late but yeah I like that song... I will be finding my lovin' soon.
: Should have gone to Puerto Rico! #CustomsFree lol
LOL LOL DUDE U FUNNY AS HELL... FACE FULL OF MAKE UP THO? LOL WOW...
MT : Alright Phoenix, #coyotes game starts now. Humor me and pretend that you care. <-- Roar, Coyotes, roar.
almost may 1st and time for that american express gift card giveaway month!
Next up #codeforoakland: Bettastop: Mobile transit service that informs bus riders and lets them give feedback on buses, drivers, routes.
Well guess im gonna get off here & watch The Vow! Nuttin else to do.
proceed with luxury
Would you like to write a blog about jobs and the economy and have us feature it? If so, send us an email at !
I really got a shade darker just walking home from school
The International Chamber Artists are here right now performing in our lobby. It is absolutly AMAZING TO HEAR! Come stop by.
Wish I could be a stow-away in your steamer trunks. Send us pix if you can :)
ok will that take along time then?? Please let us know
My colleagues and I have experienced several reorgs and rounds of layoffs in our library in past & understand the uncertainties and anxiety.
Commercial Fire in Vancouver (Near Vancouver Lake) on NW Fruit Valley Rd near NW 61st St...
Woah woahwoahh just found out i have a lil canadian in me
yea i'll work on that...
You guys, my boyfriend has a pumice stone shaped like a big, swirly lolli pop. Is this real life?
Storms Storms Storms I got a four wheeler to work on
Television ... facing the same path to obscurity as the land line.
Exhausted...another double tomorrow
“: Get ready.. Brenda Braxton - about to appear on #Grimm!!” quick cameo..nice job tho
Happy St. Patrick's Day! Did you know if that if you don't wear green today, you're supposed to get pinched?!
Everyone tune into fox news and the O'Reilly Factor to see talk politics. Ch.40 in the dorms
it's going to be an extra coffee day.
got lost in cherry hill, but didn't get strawberry fielded. #Dox was HOT! #ayo !!
I'm a wimp too- its why I moved to LA after college in NYC. Too many blizzards there! Brrrr!
Tonight It's Live writing staff currently in peace talks with booze.
Juicy Fridays regrand opening tomorrow at hydrate!!
Heading down to Coachella
Listening to do Bill Cosby on 's podcast had me doing the dry heave silent laugh at work. Omg so damn funny!!!!
Wow! I haven't even gotten my W-2 yet.
ur only staying in Miami 4 6months?? :( I'm gonna go cry in my closet. But ur gonna love Miami and u should Live here 4evz :)
she want some sex but I'm on my money
as long as you are doing what you love and being the best that you can then that's all that really matters
What color should i dye my Hair , auburn or light Brown?
J Beibs' performance is physically painful. I'm vicariously embarrassed.
The wave is currently going around #Dodger Stadium. Football is ruining this country. Baseball fans are getting stupider
Congrats on your win tonight against Harvard! Great job Commodores!
Don’t judge me for my choices when you don’t understand my reasons..
i kissed him.
Upgrading a FreeBSD VM, watching stuff compile...
Hubby went to the new without me today. To say I feel betrayed is an understatement.
Finally get to my office...on a day when I thought I'd be living there!
same. dying in this office RT : i really need this work day to be over soon
u should have gotten a massage : )
A mistake is only a mistake if you don’t learn from it
if your makeup isn't done, your hair is a mess and you're in your PJs and he still can't resist taking you into his arms, he's a keeper ♥
Check my music cd coming soon need stop smoking and think about life
Have to find a new home for our wonderful puggle. A year and a half, housebroken & crate trained neutered male. Great dog. Any interest? :(
George, agreed
1 more week in this bitch !
We're headed to tonight for #acbw 6-10pm. See you there!
Irma is changing my life with all these mexican foods
Trying "TwitPitches"...what do journalists think of this vs. press release to your email box?
Thnx for the food drive! The Mission is grateful for all the support!
yeah I'll tweet it to everyone
Brooklyn Book Festival happening again this upcoming Sunday.. ^_^
50 Fresh Dues finally boxed
oh , yes I miss you Sydney. (:
Head over to the #Halfcut shop and pick up some $15 #tees. Use "hcc10" go an additional 10% off!! Help make room for the new line
Got into a cab and said "dirty birds for cocktails!" Forgot i was in Newport beach...
Looking forward to seeing Rubio tonight. He's going to be great player.
Not necessarily. There are no sparkles in Harry Potter or Hunger Games.
was thinking that earlier! A 1/999 is not a 1/1 ...listings should be pulled
Thanks for stopping by! Looking forward to seeing you again!
ohh coo . i want cereal .
"Food and Sustainability" Farm to Table featuring leaders in food sustainability ...
Eating so yummy!
nevermind...you're slow.
I agree. Peeps are gross.
Just found out i'll be in attendance at the AAC tomorrow night!!!! #Elllllyeahhhhhh!!!!!
When you are constantly put around a person that makes you want to die.Isn't that a problem?
Anyone need headphones?
Dress rehearsal in 10....
Hey Tweet friends, just dropping in... Wish I can get paid per tweet, but that ain't me so I'ma be on when every now and then.
Hi Jason..... may I send you a copy of the whole Mwahaha album... thx again for the spins
. As a constituent, I’m asking you to stand up for students and keep their interest rates low.
Joan Baez: "action is the antidote to despair." We can help you learn how to create an online business is that's the action you need to make
I wonder who that's about...... Lol
Quick Twitter survey - Youth Lagoon: boring or MOST boring album?
today's the big day my mans!!!!
this time next year we'll be enemies
We have just tapped two of the rarest and highest rated beers you will find: Struise Pannepot Reserva and Grand Reserva. Stop in soon!
Teaching my grandma to google things that I can't explain over the phone >
nascar racing at phoenix :) lets do good in practice and hope kevin harvick look strong and hope to win race! go
Y does no one talk about law when they talk about gay marriage? Our laws assume marriage is between a man & a woman.
damn right it wont.
Man in a uniform? Not a problem RT : no fair. I gotta shave for the volunteer fire department I'm on.
I've had to enter emails and pws about 100 times on the iPad. Anyone have a way to auto this?
Have a great day, Jim...and it's WE who thank YOU for watching!!!! :)
Veggie tacos from Picante to commemorate my last #MeatlessMonday in Wicker Park.
#GoTribe the INDIANS have more wins than the RED SOX. #GoTribe!
Your not a man,your just a boy that shaves &you put on a good cover.Cus if you dont respect her when she says no You certainly dont love her
cutting you out of the picture was the greatest thing for you and for me.
One of my all time favorite movies! Does this make you love him even more? Brad Pitt cried watching 'Life as a House'
Come down to the new club Montage tonight, 3rd floor of La Cage, i'll be tending bar, and there will be an amazing show!!
finally reached 300 followers c: ohh i feel proud.
Finally. Practice is over c:
Wish I hadn't seen that Lakers/Nuggets is on TNT Overtime.
I'm gonna agree with him...SA please!!!!!
no, dont have that chanel...watched the 2 disk DVD.
Moral indignation: jealousy with a halo. -H. G. Wells
RT if you play your favorite song again and again until your sick of it.
#mmaf2010 concerts and mobile is like pigs in a warm blanket. Great presentation Live Nation
Happy Wine Wednesday everyone!!!
Wish I was there to see/ participate in this! Love you girls!
do ya thing and give that good advice when needed. they messin with a pro:-)
HAHAHA your weird..... JUST KIDDING HAHAHHA im just gonna stop laughing :D
Who's got a gig this weekend?
praise the lord your dad is having a heap of fun right now! He's a lucky fella!
I don't care what you say, I'm GOING to cry.
MORE violent?!?!? Uh oh
Fascist early risers. Why you gotta be foisting your dawn agendas on us poor, downtrodden night owls?
Hearing about the Aurora Lights program from a high school senior. Program exposes kids to health care fields.
RT : I accept I have all I need to respond beautifully to life in this moment.
Oh gosh, you're right, that US cover is absolutely horrible.
as much as I love John Stamos!
what's good fam, hope all is well, Create ur profile at mixtapeLA.com when u get a chance. Thx
Quite a night of baseball wasn't it? Wow!
Let me explain a breakthrough. It's when you find a method of doing something [system] that dramatically accelerates your ability to...
Final score KC Bulldogs 77 St Jo Bandits 24
I crochet my hair and loving it!!!
it dipped thirty-some percent, as expected. Still number one show of the night.
stop smoking so many blunts ;p
What if you incoporated a body spin into every time you sign a receipt? First name --body twirl-- last name.
says "I'm good at my job because I don't care about art"
Dust-soaked burners slowly trickling back from the playa into the foggy cool Haight. Welcome back, burners. We held down the fort for you.
We're very pleased with how it turned out!
Got my summer career bag!!
council of the rest in peace and then telling them all of the strong survive it's kind of weird...
Palace Cafe. 605 Canal Street. Corner of Camp st/ Chartres st. I'll see you there.
It has fake paprika and everything!
r u going to get some Beckham branded underwear?
sexiest man alive chuck norris
Get your name off of my TL
I've none that since yesterday. That's why I picked up Lahair with the Cubs.
RT : Want to learn why YOU may NOT be EASILY refer-able? Join the DISCUSSION tomorrow Night!
All my friends who also liked the Hobbit also like The Runelords and they're making it into a production
Just because one person says no, dont mean the next one will be the same, dont get intimidated by the first closed door....
I was young and needed the $. Wait…what were you watching?
Practice in the JA gym.
peace, thanks for keeping me entertained for about 2 hours!
love the updates
Bill Parcells: "Players haven't changed (from the 80's until now), it's the people
Dear Bloggers: Don't by shy to ask artists/etsy sellers to review their products. Be upfront or I might think you're trying to charge me.
Harts Location: Romney took 5 votes, compared to 4 votes for Paul. Huntsman took 2 votes, per WaPo
Have you picked your shoes for your wedding day? Tell us about them!
#November is here & #Thanksgiving is on its way! Chefs at City Tavern are planning menus, excited to cook the big feast for guests.
My sperm donor coming to visit from texas. Hope he not expectin #SpecialTreatment. I'll b damned if i do. Hmph
I need to run 467 miles to compensate for what I'm doing to my body this week
Great! Taigate on Sat. Thank you for all the help and contributions to the kitty. Cat, Ryder and the whole crew- THANK YOU!! ZUZU is ROCK EN
Japan's WWC win over the U.S. scores massive 8.6 overnight rating on ESPN (via ,)
been a great day for my daughters prom too
What a panel! Doug Johnson, , Nelson, Shannon Miller, ! #ISTE11 Library rock stars!
When we first met, I had no idea you would be s̶o̶ ̶i̶m̶p̶o̶r̶t̶a̶n̶t̶ ̶t̶o̶ ̶m̶e̶. SUCH A BITCH.
“: Heck, I might get you a real pair of Uggs for that...” - I'm not afraid to say that I own Ugg slippers.
Nephew update. He got to go home from the hospital today. Still a long way to go, but the little man has been amazingly brave.
Word, agreed. RT : if you post more than 10 consecutive tweets in a row and jam up my tweet box, consider yourself unfollowed.
anything for the Butter Cow! See you in a few days!
RT Thank you to all of the purchasers for the Fontana location. 591 and going strong
it dooesss. c: it all matchess. c: ooh, and this is for vicarlyious, amirite? c:
Still tryna recover from that party.......
what smells worse hangover shits or asparagus urine??
I left my roommate alone with 3 pints of and Ben & Jerry's melting in the freezer from the power outage. Oh dear.
Do the thing and you will have the power
Happy Holidays EVERYONE
Nah it's okay u don't have to like jb but I do LOVE Harry potter so obsessed w that
My bad. Flight Track. It's blue w a plane on it RT Which one is it?
Mother Nature took Labor Day off and brought us beach weather a day late! Our temperature controlled retreats are a perfect escape!
Excited about the table read for episode 205 of
College completion is an economic development issue for local communities. Business needs skilled workforce and should be involved.
Got rained on. Im going to take it out on my liver by drinking.
Thanks for the plug Robbie! We love you guys over at Full Contact.
YUM! RT Our soup of the day is a delicious rich tortilla soup garnished with flash fried tortilla strips and avocado!
I do love legislators that can rock the
it's cool. Clorissa told me to tell you to follow her.
And he's a big baby!
"When there is a gap in the conversation don't put your foot in it !" --Charlie 'Tremendous' Jones
Know I got a step father I love him so much hes a real father to me I got a new step family cus he got 3 other kids but I love them as fam
DWTS and SMASH tonight. Awesome!
A phone talk right now would be 'called for.'
no i do not have more than one account
hey did you finally follow ? I did it.
so yeah I'm fucked at this party about to get arrested.
my foot is fractured thanks to you
Thank you RT : wow nice avi
>- RT : Someone buy me some flowers :( I wanna feel special
Any #photography geeks stalking the #supermoon tonight? I'll be at Tidal Basin if it looks like clouds clearing in time. (#crossingfingers)
God I love that show. So mad it's over for another season.
Looking forward to working with you on "Candor".
Time to walk away from the copy edits.
Today's Feature: Truffle Mushroom & Brie Burger w/ caramelized onions Soups: Smoky Tomato Leek or Traditional Gazpacho
RT : Willow better be on his best behavior. Yes Gamecock
Goin to pick up my bro itx ben so long!
kmsl u so silly...
Due to killing, selling drugs, & subjugating women like most modern rap Ive missed a few days pushin videos. We're back. 4 new vids up now!
Have a great weekend everyone!
Thanks for the pointer! Curious when more researchers might be able to imagine working w/such imaging
Who are your top 5 in the #KyDerby? Do you know if Rome's entering Miz this weekend?
excuse me while i cry in a corner.....living aaaaalllllllll the way in HAWAII = NO tickets for me :(
I'm touched.
cherry blossom season magical
#ireallywant to see majority of my followers .........in person. :')
Boom boom clap boom di clap di clap
Mentions are so dead omg.
In case you hadn't heard: the Prime Minister & Mrs Cameron have arrived in the US for their official visit to the
What DeLaran said: I need to put my web address on my business card... What Lova heard: I need to put my rugby dress on my business card.
Call it a clan, call it a network, call it a tribe, call it a family. Whatever you call it, whoever you are, you need one. ~Jane Howard
I give up. "My Futuristic Nonfiction Novel about the Transformation of Religion is a combination of religion and science fiction"
RT : Don't assume you're the customer. You're not. They are. Show early, Show often. Test your content
Let's see which happens FIRST. Joe Arpaio convicted of doing ANYTHING wrong, or ERIC HOLDER admitted to SHERIFF JOE's TENT-CITY
When guys try to make you jealous .
Breaking news: Summit County Sweet Skunk is back on the shelves!
alright then.
who called you that?
If you should come here? Yes.
So happy the reached their goal of 3,450 donors this week! The total goal of 5,000 doesn't seem so far away!
Yes! RT : #Agree!!! RT : I feel so lucky to live in a city that has a lake &amp; a beautiful (cont) http://...
Be ashamed of yourself Brian Kelly your a complete joke take your so called talents back to Cincinnati
Guessing Manning and Tebow were supposed to be there. Two high profile departures in the last couple weeks.
I love yall, but I'm gonna start putting folks on the clock and start charging a fee for my services! LOL But it's done out of love!
Early voting today for voters with religious concerns Call 202 714-3368. RT :
who's fucking with you?
right! I heard there is some kinky shit in that book...
Thank you to everyone that participated in our Long Sleeve Contest! Winners and new designs will be announced tomorrow!
No shame at all. Streep was my prediction, but I really would have loved to see Williams upset. No major upsets this year...
Congratulations on the hiring of JD Sherman as your new #President & #COO, announced in bit.ly/znzIj3
My fiancé is an IT Director. He says yes and can tell you how if you need help. :)
": People who work for Walmart, die 7 years younger than the average person."haha I hate wal mart
what happen?
Hey guys please follow our new page because this one keeps getting hacked. Thanks
I figure out which one I want and let the other one go.
Loving the show...
Definitely. It could have easily been made for an older audience, even if it meant making the books longer.
why you tweetin at work fool lol
#Shedidntcallbecause its you i mean come on
TeAmo (i love you)
lmao hahahah hilarious..it be like that sometimes
Yeah, the deadline was January 1st.
filling it out right now
When you try 2 please everyone at the exclusion of self & God—U will find urself walking a lonely, tired & frustrated life. Learn 2 say NO.
Ok it's official..my new favorite show us The B in apt 23. Freaken hysterical!!!
email me ur events for april and we will promote them!
I LOVE ur hair color:) <3
I'm reading Whole Latte Life by Joanne Demaio
Apricot Ale curd.... oh yea it's happening right now!
Very nice! Enjoy! Who is getting married?
The force is not with today :-/ lol!
I'm really not hearing Christmas music on the radio already, am I ?
It's embarrassing how much of a geek I can be. Lol. The first GB one I got was a gift. I'm searching online for the rest. :-)
I'm probably not going to talk to anyone that I go to school with during summer... o;
It's really amazing how much LESS trash you have when u
LOL- Yes, you are correct ;) Thanks Steve!
I'm pumped to be up 3-0 on Pittsburgh but the Flyers of all teams should know about coming back from that
lol ... too damn funny.
you are horrible maybe u shoud stop trying to stoke flames and learn how to be an unbiast reporter!
do me do me. i wanna look as pretty as I feel
WOW, this has been a long day. But I guess any day with a closing is a good one.
With a win, NYY tied the series with DET at 2-2. Final, elimination game will be on Thursday, October 6th.
Girl u got me on statue reading that.
seriously?! MSI?! Awesome.
Just started myself. Lots of singing tonight, finally!
You already know what im doing .! Ahyo
Off to school -.-
Today til 8pm - 4x6 flyer design (double sided) - only $65!! - (Normal price is $85) - order at MWWDesigns.com & mention this post!
Think I'm staying clear of all the #BlackFriday crowds today, they can get brutal
I'm blessed to coach our 4 seniors one last time tonight at 7:30 at Lebanon High School in the IN Elite North/South All Star game.
great meeting you today at #cdmd12 thanks for the ribbons!
Shout out to all my monkeys.... Blodwyn is not a weather pig!
Happy shopping!! Just stopped by in Little Italy they have the cutest spring clothes and accessories.
and kick some serious butt! Thanks for supporting Initiate!
god any would be happy with you
Anyone in the Albuquerque area free around 3pm to drive me to the airport?
Alpha three is looking good.
Glad you got the confirm. What a waste of a morning. Bring back old system!
MAKE KONY FAMOUS! the worst.
Just found my moms stash I solos This is gonna be a busy night..
watching Nathan
If you want to know what you are committed to, take a look at the results in your life.
I wld pay my boss $100 to let me sleep for the rest of my shift right now I swear
The sincerity of this family is so pure. True happiness is so apperent and it fills the air with love and everlasting hope.
Goodbye, hero.
Celebrating another anniversary today--2nd anniversary of ACA passage-preventative and affordable healthcare for women!
I haven't emailed my CSE lab partner with an email address linked to my Facebook account, so I can't imagine how they suggested him!
Happy New Yr to all! I hope every1 ate their beans or 12 grapes, which I just learned about, or whatever u do for luck & a good new yr start
today is my birthday, can you guys please tweet me?
Somebody decided to put me in the captain's chair tonight. I've got the conn in about an hour. Warp 7 Mr Sulu!
I am twatting at 11:23. I mention it so I can say twat.
Watching the Naudet 9/11 documentary for a class. It still makes me cry every time I watch it.
Back in the lab with Daiyon who flew in from Chicago to record here in Denver I may be a small studio but quality I can guarantee.
Come to Portland!
Today's guest is John Patterson, expert in helping organizations effectively deliver great customer experiences and driving results!
HOLLA!!! Welcome to twitter you twatter!!!!
going to try the loop again tomorrow see if I can make it around. I'll keep you posted.
its true that a high cute quotient helps ease the pain (but not the bleeding).
I guess thats why ive outgrown ALOT of ppl...i got bigger and better things coming...small positive circle is all I need!
b glad 2 show u sights, if I'm not evicted first :-)
hush yourself
How old was he?
sorry for the delay, I was busy. I'll visit to Chicago when I do.
I just had a similar conversation here at work, but I prefer s-bombs.
heard you caught a case tonight bro lmao
"No wonder he turned to a life of crime.”
Remember me? Posting a new song soon. ;-)
that's awesome
Just by talking 2 u I know ur stronger :-) ur Totally Rite.
agreed. Been thinking that's what he meant..all about distraction after distraction but never facing things perhaps
Oh John Stewart I love you. RT Tonight: Are Mormons weird, or is it weird that people think Mormons are weird?
I my self wish it was last Oct. 4th again...
Has anyone else noticed that Twitter has developed a nasty habit of eating DMs?
there so much promise and optimism 2 years ago..wth happened. ?
Am I the only one who had no idea that "highfalutin" is one word, not two? Crazy English language!
Listening to music that fits my mood >>
looking great for the morning! A chance for thunderstorms this afternoon, but a ton of golf to see before!
Yeah, chiptune, dance, rock stuff - should be interesting - I'll be there.
I'm volunteering to give out presents to kids who are from families who are less fortunate and we're cooking them meals on X-mas
welcome aw- sucks day. This day needs to be observed every year.
new year, new money, new friends
Sec. Vilsack says conserving America's forests isn't a luxury but a neccesity.
#Brewers let Frankie K pitch!
Haha! You have penis goggles!
Great stories, aren't they?! Greenhow is one of my favorites.
Lmbo so it was like a 1 year notice pending type thing? gottcha
Question: How many of our fans are gamers?
We need to have dinner then. This will be a VERY lonely month up here before I head down to NYC.
Nice talking to you !
Very happy not to be getting 'An error as occurred' error message on every embedded YouTube video. Thanks G!
One time for me & my sistahs of #PphiH we some phi ass females dat cn blow it down
My friends are life savers<3
When I clear my calculator, I press the button at least ten times just to be sure.
now ur comparing apples and oranges... This is hockey. You prob think every highstick should be a suspension.
oh huh bruh...tootie told me u ben doin ya thing
hey i love the omg girlz and i wish i can be like yall
Headed up north with my pops
If it wasn't obvious before, it's official now: #Coldplay has NO imagination for rhythm.
Are the 2012 cards in retail yet ? If not when will they be for sale ?
yup we have a Russian at work now(:
I hope y'all got pics!
I haven't listened to #Zappa for years. I like in Joe's Garage that the actual song they are playing is a kind of audio cartoon.
Almost finished up comping vocals. Nashville to Atlanta again...paying the bills to pay the bills.
Mob rule is not the way. Gandi and MLK got it right. It frustrates uber rich is you are peaceful in protesting.
There is no posting limit on Twitter. I think Tumblr needs to adopt that trait.
Online auction/listing company that Rewards shoppers! LUCKeSHOPPER Reward yourself for shopping
I have learned not to worry about love
RT : Join and us this Sunday for the Young Writers Reading Sunday!
Nope, but that's an EXCELLENT IDEA. -_-
i like somehow swallowed my burp.... and then I like burped internally..... it was weird........
Just watched J. William Worden, Ph.D, get a lifetime achievement award at #ADEC association of death education and counseling conf Atlanta.
Just thinking I don't encounter the same kind of glitching/hacking in Madden as in CoD multiplayer.
then you have me -the dope- who listens to TRS, BC, ATL, NSN, and everyone at your school looks at you like an alien
What happens if BHO picks 4 more Justices?...
I have to listen to #macadelic in order to fall asleep
If your out.. We'll be keeping a close view on what to add your outfit / gear up.
Golden Holocaust: Origins of the Cigarette Catastrophe and the Case for Abolition by Robert N. Proctor G'89 now available from
Killing me... Come on Dawgs! You should have this...
It's hot outside & I do not like it one bit. No I do not.
The last two songs after the climax in a musical always bore me. Come on, The Producers. I don't want to snuggle.
my doc still uses a typewriter (he is 70). Hmm maybe that is not a good thing
Thanks so much for the support! Glad the food was up to par....come and check us out again!
Is your idea that the more robust circumventions of SOPA will yield a decentralized de facto replacement for the DNS?
Rick Perry says there should be a gong sound when Ron Paul blabbers on.
#NP 5 on the KUSH BOB AT IGNORANT LEVELS
Hi Caroline,I cracked up when he did that drag skit.Too funny! The Little Brother one was awesome.
"The only limit to our dreams of tomorrow will be our doubts of today" ~ Franklin D. Roosevelt~
We're looking for something a little more "substantial"... ;-)
okay you now must send these to me & Mena xD
I hate when people who can't sing insist on singing ALL the time
Then he continued, "Andy Kaufman, Bill Gates, Robin Williams and Al Gore are alive today and say they have Aspergers. What's your excuse?
thank you Herman Caine for ruining our day.
haha well thank you! ;) I will take that as a compliment, quick like the CATS! Haha
I'm hungry! Let's eat!
Oh god it's terrible.
“: thanks for the follow” you got it!
Thanks for the tip! We called today and they actually have spots available, which is awesome.
“: say something nice or I will haunt you forever” uh that was.. Do you have any other offers??
i love you to nic :) and sry i havent been on KIK lately iv been a bit busy and i got on today and read about emma :(
Aww THANKS! RT : I love Jamie at and her mad color skilzzzz! xoxoxoxo
Mel's here!!
So, it looks like another week where I have booked myself for every single night, and it's before
Well thank you!
I want to go back to school for a ninja degree.
Yes, doing a dissertation on methodology is quite exciting. :)
Why can't I just pass
Arizona is so beautiful
I will email you info! For sure....hope you are well
Just a rookie.
Pretty sure whoever is doing 's wardrobe on is a BIG fan of
So we get Stoke? Not exactly "stoked" for it, if you ask me.
oh I will be in my new apt downtown
happy birthday :)
There are a few reasons why I love #JoeyVotto. He hit 3 home runs tonight including a walk off homer, but he's also smoking hot!! 🔥👍
That is NOT even a set of real letters. Is that blog trying to weed out every commenter but aliens?
Surprisingly, getting locked inside of a women's restroom wasn't the most embarrassing thing I've done in the past 24 hours.
we all like you!
A sports psychiatrist shares his hopes of what we learn from Junior's suicide.. and whether signs of trouble may have been missed.
it was the most accurate ball he's thrown all year.
Happy Groundhog Day! Do YOU believe there will be six more weeks of winter?
that's for sure. Although I really don't find the smell all that great:)
the do-it yourself market is booming. A lot of guys going that route. And Do-It Molds has the stuff you need.
Dropped a little something in the mail for you from Disqus... let the anticipation build!
Husband at a golf outing, both kids finally napping.. Deep breath. Relax.
Ha! Rt : I can't wait for the first Presidential candidates who grew up with a Facebook account.
Congratulations and thanks for being a part of our program!
- will be in #Vegas for her sisters 21st and the pools and nightclubs works certainly be a way to celebrate.
good game guys, dont let this get to you! we are still
Thanks for the follow!
Today is an especially exciting day. Tonight is College Night and Banana Pudding Milkshakes are HERE! Deals start at 5pm.
If Potato is going to become a veg then I want rice classified as a veg to... skinny white peas!
nice u get n e hits
There's never a dull moment in downtown Denver.
I never thought I would hear callers dogging you out for not being a homer!!! You have been hanging out w/ Matt Jones too much.
RT : Hi downtowners! We are at Frost Plaza Plazalife today with lunch goodies! There's music & fun things to shop. Come say hi!
I hear thunder nd rain :(
Who wants to open for Though She Wrote? Email
See our Excellent $1 Beer on Sundays!
Learn to get in touch with the silence within yourself and know that everything in this life has a purpose. -Elisabeth Kubler-Ross
thats pretty harsh.
So apparently they're filming something at my train station o.O
Some have asked: can U pay 2012 dues thru PAYPAL Yes but add $1.50 to the $33 Dues 2 cover fees PAYPAL charges Make payable:
thanx so much 4 all th updates I have a niece th@ lives in Ft Benning GA I am able to keep her posted
I'm totally camped out on my back porch. Puppy curled up next to me.
Just found out one of our customers has filed for bankruptcy and we will be out $10K. Assholes.
#nmsplc #nms30 we need to provide our standards as ingredients and all the students the power to create the final product
I can't remember I could ask my cousin when he wakes up I was very young when I went last :(
I don't wanna go to school 😖
Thanks We're grateful for your support!
Have you heard of #Movember?
"You live longer once you realize that any time spent being unhappy is wasted.” Ruth E. Renkl
Countdown to the Shutdown. Clock is ticking.....
I grabbed a pen and an old napkin and I, wrote down our song. -Taylor Swift
Interesting tweet - seems HP finally decided who they are. :-) RT : Yes, you’re reading that correctly. We’ve changed our name to !
Packing... jamming to some Fiona Apple... one more show tonight in #Denver showtime 7pm.. flying back to #LA at 7am!
Hah, excellent point :)
thanks for the mention!
Just read the j14 mag Niall Harry and Zayn made it on the hottest guy list WTF where's Liam and Louis
take a pic!! I tried to use green on my eyes this morning and it looked like poo
lol u silly!!
Forecast for Thursday: Cloudy in the morning. Becoming mostly sunny. Patchy fog in the morning. Highs 64 to 69 near...
If you could be anyone who would you be and why?
#MJtrial Defense came out swinging today telling jury, this is not a reality show, it's reality. However, probably too little, too late.
Niggas appreciate a chase. That would get you gal'd up faster than opening your legs would
RT : Depression is not uncommon among retired athletes. Should be more resources for athletes who need to seek mental help.
we do it the old-fashioned way in our Meals Program: paper, pencil and excel.
Rey, watch your blood pressure.
Just bought Laura Bush's new book. So excited to get home and read it!
I wonder who can name the most people on the cover without downloading first. Ready, set, go.
Hey erryone! volleyball at blue springs south. RIGHT NOW! come :)
I'll be so glad when I move out of these apartments just so I never have to hear another reggaeton or tejano song ever again.
india gonna win!
What does that mean? There will be more detail in a Facebook post (& even more on my blog) presently, but put simply: less text, more video.
Ha, so I hear...and they had booze? Definitely a selling point we fail to offer
what was this?
you forgot to mention the Tierra!!! 👑
So ... How's everyone doing today?
Sheriff Forbes delivers some disturbing news to Alaric and Elena. #TVD is ALL NEW tonight @ 8 on !
In Nashville, near the Vanderbilt campus, with the Wisconsin-Vandy game looming. Should be interesting.....
It's at the front. Might even be tipped in? Why do I get these books at 4:30 on Friday??
We all have that one creepy neighbor that never comes out of their house.
Go away paper clip, no one wants you!
looking ahead through the summer any plans to be here?
Hey thanks a bunch - Hoping to be one of the first to sing up. Hoping to shoot my own version Of
Shooting background shots later today to replace studio backgrounds in images. Next best thing to a beach shoot.
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!62
Angry Birds theme park confirms the Apple iPhone effect - Computerworld (blog)
Why aren't kits used more often? Maybe it's a secret...
6 hours left - 35% off of all retail orders at www.beltsdirect.com - use coupon code "ONEDAY"
Oh, that one is good, too. I've used: "insert witty response," as well. Hooray for terrific writing!
AnnaLee Saxenian - UC Berkeley has statistics consultants who provide advice to students / faculty
Another one
giving a great presentation on growth and ideals at #LSSBU #UWEBC. Got my book signed too!
What? I'm presenting?!?
I need to go
Football time! Pizza and football - a perfect match.
at 's house adding some new settings to
I think it's just a really funny word, and to me, a quiet, dignified way to love our ill fated home team. Or something.
USGS is reporting a 2.3 magnitude earthquake just occurred 8 miles WNW of Bicknell, IN in Knox CO. Very minor quake.
Dudes just as soft as some of these females
what ru putting in ru lungs? ;)
Lakeshow off to a great start.
Lawmaker Wants to Change the Rules for Recall Elections
Join us for our Go Red Health Expo at Macy's downtown PDX from NOW until 1:30pm. Free health screenings, fitness demos, massage, cooking...
That is fantastic -- congratuations, and welcome to the ROC!
But congrats!
Last nite Jim Mizes suggested u for biz consulting. Sent msg to him this am on LinkedIn to introduce us. VERY excited!
ok done wit the promoting.. just finished another round of logo design on Friday. Think this project will be wrapped up soon
Nah. Not at all :)
Everyone who follows me follow my brother
well ya see.. I'll wear boots more often.
Artist. I you are going to upload a song for DJs to download it, title your tracks properly
Wrapping up a buy day with DVR
M.I.A never. She was here last night tho lol watcha up to??
Doesn't matter who picks he's still going to lose in Nov! BTW you should support some1 that will support women
A little heated today about a #PR project that is going in another direction...no worries though b/c i have #boundaries! Take a deep breath.
I'm quite intrigued. A Carytown trip is in order.
I only hate my car cause the leather seats....
I really hope I get all of these pieces ready for C&W.
4 games in a row this week with an injured foot? I think yes!! Gotta carry the team!
Please follow
we can do our house!
": S/o and Happy bday to my nigga in Houston tx tonight" im n caroloton tx fwm lol
I love MY best friend . :)
I'm heading to Portland!
#FF Thanks for great inights this week!
I'm onto BIG things..
#INXS live on VH1 classic. I loved them. Wish I had gotten to see them in concert back then.
I put all my genius into my life, I put only my talent into my works - Oscar Wilde
😳😂😂😂😂 I said if and when I make it I'm not doing nothing to my body
There's a certain finality to having a California driver's license and plates.
": BIRTHDAY BIRTHDAY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!!! #21 #fatlove" my first legal shot would come from the one and only! :)
Thanks Sylvia for following ..also check out for a beautiful universal interconnected experience
I love when jessica serbin visits!
lost the ala council (oh well) but now I'm the new vice-chair of ACRL's law & polisigh section! w00t!
$1 tacos at Malo in silver lake.
yeah it is west on Rockville ahahah easy enough
I wish I kept my set of golf clubs that I won my 1st tournament with. Needed money in college.
damn you, I googled it just to be sure.
Happiest of B-Day wishes to you!
Somehow Online Shopping turned into watching Japanese Rape Porn. Why does this always happen?
since when do u have sleeves?!
Everytime I saw your old Twitter picture, I thought you were my ex boyfriend. Scary! Thank goodness it isn't him, but you! :)
Dakota have fought back and have cut the Jam's lead to 4.. 19-15
"Enough!!!!!! I am a GOD AND I WILL NOT BE BULLIED" *proceeds to being whipped around be the Hulk like a Child's play thing
There's no shortage of women who rap. There's a shortage of diversity in the types of women in rap. Not every woman is ghetto or superfreak
Dnt ask for nun. Work for everything
To find joy in work,is to discover the fountain of youth~Pearl S. Buck
Power failures in Woods Hole are making life interesting for the EOL software development team.
neither do I!
did you shave your head?! O_o
RT Happy Mothers Day (late but still) to all you real moms taking care of your babies!! >Better late than never
Featured Success Couple: Sam and Katy
Australian Open Semi Finals have two great match ups with the Fed/Rafa and Murray/Djokovic. I know who I'm rooting for (Nadal/Djoko).
Holy Shit My Teeth Hurt Hella Bad
||Ukraine|| Justin Bieber is in Times's list of PEOPLE WHO MATTERED!! OMG...
I bleed pain take pain to another level.
Won't share that publicly on Twitter. Kind of a silly question to ask from an online retailer. Send me a DM and maybe.
Happy Good Friday! don't forget to join the Twitter chat w. Becky today @ 6p.m. CST!
Thanks to everyone who's been helping to spread the word. We're seeing a steady flow of sign-ups! And dare I say a few matches?
if they got the account, it was solely on the social campaign. i really liked the ad store campaign. simple!
Music stole my social life away from me. Why does that sound so oxymoronic?
I can't wait to interview you! I have to add that I have #IGetDown blasting in my car every time I drive. I love it!
still do. which is weird for me.. is magic.
Will rental bikes be available during the Garden Party on the 3rd?
May 15th can't come soon enough :)
trying to make it happen. Still need a partner in crime.
yes on Jewett
I miss watching Scooby-Doo everyday at 12 after coming home from kindergarten.
Thank you Lauren!!!!!!!!!!!! :) We had so much fun with you ladies!!! hope to be there again soon! :)
yes, that is it! All donuts all the time. I think I am on target to put on 20 lbs by Friday! :-)
To the nice lady who saw us perform on the Spoke N Art ride with Yes, we'd be delighted to play at the Huntington Garden.
My great grandma should NOT be driving. I feel like I'm about to die!
great. It's still not over. I went to church and there was surprises and then we went to woodlawn now were on our way to eat
Hanging out with a cripple. #goodfriend ;)
Getting jayden's hard bottoms then off to the market <3.
Dang, I haven't had a full day of school since last thursday :p
Work is on the fringe of becoming intolerable
I am Annie all weekend, come out to the college and see me in Annie, Jr on Broadway.......I am So Excited! Dont want it to end!
This may be a pet peave, but I believe when you want someone to help you the wisest 1st step is not to start by insulting that person.
:) about these cds you need to get pressed RT : my name is on the fuckin flyer dog. this is the best Tuesday of my life
OUCH MY HIP. Dont want to practice for four hours right now.
How is that unique? They've played it at Braves games for years.
Bout to fuck up sum food
GUYS! Did you hear?! LL Cool J was added to Ravinia! I'm going to get my wine & cheese gangsta boogie on y'all!
I found a fatal flaw in the logic of Love, and got out of my head.
Today feels like its already been the longest day of the year D:
And the second shift is arriving. Yay! Bring coffee!
go out and vote for Ron Paul.
To Hurt A Mockingbird
For LGBT it's better late than never. It's not about President or political party it's about the humanity of LGBT
hey Beth #cmgrUN I thought I recognized you lets make sure to say hi
He's fun to watch, but they go a little overboard with his highlights
and, generally, if TT work together in gen / on diss committees in particular.
Apple stock shares rose more than $3 within minutes of Jobs' appearing on stage yesterday.
updating expressiaann.com and characters
Jeff Alan! What's good?
im crying because i cant. I live so far away. :((((
I appreciate the retweet.
Nobody cares anymore.
RE: your tweets about FB, it is only a matter of time before marketing moves into a space and then real conversation gets hard
south Tucson! What up Happy Iguana!!
Is it weird that I'm at half mast because I just went grocery shopping and a full fridge gets me off?
Gaining followers everyday! LOVE YOU GUYS<3333
I'm not looking forward to my AP exam tomorrow, sigh. Goodnight.
This dude better treat my homie right. She dont need no bs ☺
reset your password, your account has been hacked. Sending spam DMs
what up man i was bizz partners with jdub in ville im opening a bar on wash ave. you should stop in opening night..GO CARDS!!
Hurting, but on the up and up! Haven't attempted solids today! That figurine is the best centerpiece I have ever had!
Walter De Maria/ TRILOGIES has arrived at the Menil Bookstore--come get yours today and enjoy Bare Bowls Kitchen in our parking lot until 2.
Question to Romney: how did the last time a mormon ran for president go?
I think Lauren knows she's history on tonight.
My roommate is a Lizard and is crawling on my ceiling. She's always trying to sell me insurance.
Some people were not meant to be in your life forever, so cherish every moment you have with them now
Excellent! Sounds like a plan....Love the fact it has actual clotted cream... yum... :) Do you miss England?
Sorry if I didn't get to everyone but I will. Keep shouting me out and I got u...Goodnite
thank you :)
Went work clothes shopping this weekend. Bought anything that looked like it wouldn't show red rot.
can never forget it
THANK YOU NSAI for another year of Spring Training!!! What a great week it was! Absolutely priceless;) if u didn't go, make time next year!
Hi, this is Berkeley College social media we would still like to use your Tweet in our new video project! Please message me.
WORK in the morning..hate the thought of that
I missed you
I didn't say it wasn't a *useful* disease :)
nothing much chillin with some friends, and carnival tonight, wbu?
Lets see if she bites on tha first text?
I love it! Just heard from ! So nice you don't have to deal with that tension while trying to be creative! Yay!
SCMS panel done! Time to sit back and enjoy the rest of the conference!
Mike Scioscia benches Albert Pujols today and the Angels get a rare win. Looks like they finally figured out a recipe for success.
Toast is in TWO David Mamet plays? Can you name them both?
. So, if RC has been the answer for ten years, shouldn't PSAT and ECAs bear out the program's affect?
Held out for more money, but hasn't justified it whatsoever. Whoever holds out of practicing is not a good teammate.
if your in Minnesota, then you have to go either north, south, east, or west
Great to connect. Looking forward to helping you take over the #yyc for the Halloween season .
yea right lol
sometimes helplessness is just inexperience, many times learned behavior , teachers can't always correct , may need counselor
I can't even go back to sleep 😪
welcome! Did you plan to do this during "your week"?
This foo is getting turned on by my burping lmao xD
Ok is that MLB TICKETS commercial tear inducing for anyone else? Or am I just a girl? Lol
LOL, Simon Le Bon must have been bored. Thx for sharing it. Chuckle chuckle... :)
I want my bed, my pillow, and a back massage asap. I'm so tired and everything hurts what a long day!
RT : Girls that change according to their boyfriends are hilarious. Im more myself now than i ever have been.
At this golf tourney, this dude is looking for his ball like he grew up with it.
Almost 5 mins in and melo or stottlemyre haven't touched the ball. New York sucks
follow me please
Been checking my twits, and am watching some tv, then got to go to bed might need some viagra tonight.
But those songs are awful for running, IMO. I need faster tempo. Hardstyle techno all the way.
All you dog and cat owners, do you feel you have a need to keep you pet clean without having to give them a bath?How do u handle bad smells?
Bullied thru a swing/grave double shift, now back to my normally scheduled swing.... This is for you, Pip... IT'S GO TIME!!!!
yeah you play with sticks on grass. Idk how to explain it
Just tapped, Interurban IPA (replaces Brewing Ruthless Rye IPA)
yea you good
4 hours and 200 mail messages later - the various mailboxes are back to a reasonable level.
the goo is gone! ha!
Finished off the beer breakfast with buffalo chicken dip. I am a role model for those who wish to eat healthy!
I should curl my hair tomorrow!(:
God has TRULY blessed me with patience in my life
. Yep. Sure did! Hope to see you again soon.
Looking forward to that stylish "heart" necklace Jason buys me & then signs me up for a 2-year car lease, signed by Santa the car salesman.
what goes around comes around like a hula hoop
Im rollin gasoline bout to blow a gasket
was a twitter virus. Reset your password of you tried to open the link.
Wondering if the windy weather in Denver will preclude PORTUS from looking at solar panels....but it is a photo op.
right...those are good times.
If I had sex with gaga she probably rape your Dick off!!!
youre so cute! Mind follow my new, more private account? I'll follow you back there too (: It's :)
#HelloBrooklyn My Cousin bought me a sick snapback in NYC
Got drunk before noon and started writing pop punk songs. Come arrest me, cliche police.
Oh my. That idea is delicious for me & dangerous.... for others. ;)
Additionally I like reading good tweets, and check out websites and blogs and as you can see link you your content from time to time.
Jersey Shore is making me look like a retard
anything involving #prosecco & #duck makes me smile. I'm in!
be careful. Images reminding me of early stages of WTO 1999.
Im Raw No LATEX .. yall ball but ant eva did it Raw ... SAFE SEX
Did you know... That all tea comes from the same plant called Camellia Sinensis?
Hi Dana, San Diego SPJ here. Got a favor to ask... DM me?
Dear Lord, All I ask is for a chance to prove that winning the lottery won't make me a bad person.
Jesus paid it all for me! I'm straight!
I worked for a moment in Private Equity, where we weren't even allowed to wear an open-toed or open-back shoes ...
Watchin cops makin chixxenn for my salad n then cleaning casa
"he 'gon cry in the car"
Guardian Title Holiday party tonight at Santos in Middleburg Hts.- amazing time! Thanks to all our beloved customers for making it possible!
thanx for the Whitney video, you said it plain and simple..
who is getting boot on Idol?
#SkySAN is a flexible & interchangeable technology that allows users to upgrade w/ ease. Learn more here: bit.ly/mYuMC2
today what got me out of bed is wondering how much media mail costs.
I didnt even giggle
Oh damn.
Any friends want to hang out in vegas while I am in town this week to the 15th?
i miss my baby girl!!
"same ones who be talking dirty about me,be the same ones who hiding and buying my albums"... Lil Kim
Can't wait for the High School Youth Conservatory to start on Aug. 1.
Bumpin Between2Worlds driving from #FtWorth to #Dallas everyday make the 45 minute commute so much better!
Just like tires on a car, improper alignment of feet can cause wear & tear 2 other parts of the body like knees hips & lower back.
Great to meet you too! Hopefully the next time we meet, I'll be less overcome by library acronyms.
Morello closes w/"This Land Is Your Land"-the most underrated class war ballad of the century. All the good parts edited out.
in both cases whether separate or responsive by css
I'm bringing my 16-month-old daughter for part of it, but I suspect she's much more easily entertained
There are 1,792 steps to the top of the Eiffel Tower
DC: Jonetta Rose Barras the queen of propaganda! Where is that article on DOMESTIC VIOLENCE I requested??
Check out Destinationstravelmagazine.com and the article "Avalanche on Lhotse" for an adventure travel story like no other!
#NFLDRAFT...how to read through the BS is the key...I think the first 6 are solid...Jags could do anything...still like Ingram there...
thanks for the follow!
Love your background pic!
Somewhere out there someone is thinking of YOU!<3
yep I make good similies
When people say "fuck you," I yell back "no you fuck me!"
When tempted to fight fire with fire, remember that the Fire Department usually uses water.
I have been pondering if a turtle lost its shell would it be naked or homeless? What do you think?
Wednesday -5/25/2011 - DJ Mike T Classic Wednesday's!!! Time to dance and party with DJ Mike T playing your favorite top 40 Hip Hop Music!!
yessir moved last weekend. Makes a world of difference now. Well be having a party soon I'll let you know
Shits been going down on twitter ?!!! Haha this is cool
GIRLS GONE WILD this Friday Night @ BROADWAY BAR!! So what if it rains... That only means WET GIRLS in BIKINIS Arrive Early&Avoid the Line
Amateur Contest at midnight! Come watch the show! Ladies, register to win $500 in cash prizes! Also, Ladies pay just $5 Entry!
I'm allowed to do something after gym tomorrow if you guys still can :)
Wish I was spending tonight with and but tonight it's me, Melky, and NyQuil. No worries- lots of fun 2b had in 2012!
Cooking with mom all day. Not a bad way to spend a Saturday at all.
Left is Right | Right-wingers are less intelligent than left wingers, says study - Daily Mail
FIRST HEAVY D, THEN ETTA JAMES, DAVID PEASTON, DON CORNELIUS AND NOW WHITNEY HOUSTON THIS IS SO SAD...RIP WHITNEY
When you swim into another lane and spear a dude at a meet.
5. She's talking in a perfect, unending monotone. Haven't heard her use a contraction yet...
"Secret Valentine" - We The Kings. :3
Obama has finally 'evolved' to support same sex marriage. How should we celebrate #glitterati?
Met someone great!! Thanks! :)
Are you reporting live from #mifflin2012?
Day off!
Happy Birthday or belated birthday to you First Lady!!!
it don't count lol . & if you driving , then yea . . . well are you driving ?
For once, I'm not hilariously overdressed for this "freezing" weather :P
Okay, Seriously. twitter isn't your psychologist. If your crying go get a tissue.
Best of luck on Rock Of ages . Cant wait to see you in your part . Congrats man .
Seriously _____ get out of my head.
We are open 8-12 and 3-6 Monday 3/26 and Tuesday MORNING (not afternoon) 3/27 from 8- 12. We will be closed the rest of the week so stop in!
Another great day of skiing at It started snowing as we were leaving. It should awesome day tomorrow, I wish I could go.
Guessed wrong, pulled the plug on tonight's tweetup 's Miraval (worried about rush hour rain). Realtors, watch for a reschedule!
Do you even know who that is? Of course you don't.
We are now taking appointments for SPRING! Yay!!! Give us a call at the store to make an appointment!
AP- A loud explosion has been heard in the town where Osama bin Laden was killed in Pakistan
hey Lexi can you follow me at my new account thanks
Oh, it was a spider. I thought the rock in the background was a T-rex. Can I just imagine I wasn't wrong?
#SURVIVOR starts in 7 minutes!!!! It's the finale and my cousin is still in it!!
Dear Fox, I now retroactively forgive you for ALL crappy programming you have ever aired. The slate is clean
Music is the art of thinking..with sounds..
Golden globes awards is awesome. Showing now on NBC;o)
follow me
happy birthday hope your day is fun and you live to be 4796537 years old
hey parm crisp followers!! great news--we can now be found at Zeto Wine and Cheese in NC! RT if you know the store!
I miss your weekly Ustreams and you putting up your covers every week. I know that you're busy, but it's just not the same now
heh yeah that was good. Thanks for dinner
thank you!! You as well ;)
What A Game. Only disappointment--the fray-ed national anthem. KY was hot! The Fray was not!
Now Kyla be prepared to be drooling! This nigga is SEXY!
My mom driving my car right now....
sushi is raw for a reason it would defeat the purpose of raw Dumb ass moment when ppl ask for cook sushi
I don't like him anymore. I used to before he put out Rolling Papers. He just turned into a pop moron.
Excited about hosting the campaign at the #1khomesrva is working to #endhomelessness in
wow how interesting, innovative and useful. I will spread the word and RT. our clients could use this. hope u can too!
Me too.
Making plans to see Gran Torino tonight. I'm hearing ole Clint was cheated out of a Best Actor nomination. We'll see. ;)
Driving past a car in flames just feels dangerous.
seriously. chicagodesignarchive.org needs you. we'll teach you everything you need to know. get involved. dm me.
Oh yeah... and definitely
Must ... disconnect ... internet ...
Catalogers, what does "New ed." actually mean in a 250$a? Is this a reprinting or a revised edition? Or something else?
Buying starfruit!yum!
Follow me back, please.
It's not letting me follow anyone right now for some reason. But I promise I will!!
The Realest Niggas say my Lyrics do Shit for Em....
. where & when was that? Can you elaborate & contextualize?! #Zizek on #TahrirSqaure &
Im in n out da pussy like a prison visit! Dude went hard
Maybe! ": Maybe it has something to do with #JuniorKimbrough ?"
Merry Christmas all! I got a new mac-pro, THANK YOU SANTA =)
Is my stomach growling?
You can go and take that lil piece of shit with ya...
All I've learned from the Steve Job's bio so far is that LSD will make me more successful.
Websites gone and you're still gettin titties...You are the definition of a god.
Thanks everyone for joining. Same time next year.
Tragic, so tragic. But finally free.
RT!!!": Ion Hold Grudges Just Know I Wont Eva Fuck Witcha Again!"
Get X-cited people! I JUST ordered P90X2. Who wants to BRING IT! with me!?
That costs extra.
uh and the earth rotates. she seemed surprised when it was summer on the other side of the earth.
RT : Jesus said, “Whoever does what God wants is a brother, sister, or mother to me” - Mark 3:35
If Twitter really understood their user base they'd have a dedicated reply feature used to beg for celebrity attention.
back to work, but still not wearing shoes
why not manhattan. Who you gonna beat up v?
Commuter Corridor Happy Hour: 5:30-7pm – Soft polenta with brandade, oil-cured olives and parsley and $3 draft beer!
Having fun with my bby & my big homie
It played twice. And it played about 20 minutes ago, for the second time.
it's truly delish! in my movie version, felicity-evil olivia munn; chloe-sienna miller; stacy-mila kunis; hannah-becki newton!
“: If the only way I can be with you is in my dreams, then I want to sleep forever. - Harry Edward Styles”
Made it krakow Poland! Two weeks of traveling begins! :)
That looks good!
Getting excited about the #TXScotRiteAccessLux raffle...hoping to win the 3k gift certificate!!
This thunderstorm is intense! I love it!
Fitting! Our 100th follower of Asterix Group is our old friend ! Thank you ALL for the follows
Thanks, sorry for the late reply, usually I get notifications. But yeah, if you search me out I'm always up to game!
hey baby. Im still waiting to see u on cam. Cant find lisa carter. Ive tried serveral times to get ahold of you. Whats up?
Good idea! RT ...I've written a draft paper on this, let me update it a bit, put it on SSRN & discuss!
Warm weather where have you gone???? too cold today in NYC
much appreciated! i'm really looking forward to it :)
I love it!
Dan Savage Apologizes for Bullying During Anti-Bullying Speech
“Popcorn Flicks” by will show free, family-friendly films at Central Park in #WinterPark tmrw at 8pm
hi hi hi how are you?
Registered Sacramento Process Server to handle your subpoenas, summons, small claims, wage garnishments, & bank Levy, 916-509-0677
My prayer today, Lord please help me to try harder less and surrender more.
Most definitely. Would love to get back to Ucross sooner than later.
you and the crew need another video like Call Me Maybe :) follow me? <3
Will Ferrell, Zach Galifianakis to shoot 'Southern Rivals' in New Orleans - NOLA.com
Follow for laughs only: He is a colleague after all. Well, maybe not.
Damn do I have to go to class 😒
David Freese made a BIG impact today. His fans have good reason to look up to him.
- Are Bibles "stolen" from hotels? The Giddeon society (not hotel) puts it there. Printed inside is, "take this with you."
Women be noticin'. Can't stop a woman from noticin'
Crashing from the high.
It's true, I'm up for my early morning workout, & excited for the day to come!
Many skin problems can be solved without expensive treatments and medication.
sorry just saw this... www.sonicbids.com/marshalltitus :)
When the fuck did everyone become younger than I am?
But I am like a green olive tree in the house of God: I trust in the mercy of God for ever and ever. (Psalms 52:8).
Each morning when I open my eyes I say to myself: I, not events, have the power to make me happy or . ~ Groucho Marx
what ya been up to B?
If you're going to wear socks with sandals, your socks should probably be clean.
it's not friday but maybe you should consider following :-) feel better soon.
thats why I said next time x)
Needs to start paying my rent to the library
shoutout to my loyal followers i preicate you guys and gals for showings love.. much love back :-*
screw those douchebags, I love tie die, And I'm wearing it now as well. Tie die is a much prettier color then jealousy. We win.
Members of SAG - be sure to submit your vote on the SAG/AFTRA merger by 3/30!
thanks #groupon i will be getting a 50 min massage at Pileggi on the Square for 40 bucks... winning
It's finally Friday! Stoked for our show tonight in SF and tomorrow in LA with :) hit us up for tickets!
Hill balling
#AllIWantForXmas is for #Christians to realize that #Jesus was NOT born in December!
Waiting for your parents to be in a good mood before asking them for something.
Woke up to pee & im still fucked up. :|
extreme rules?
re watching D. Abbey?
think positive, think #comeback. otherwise watch #Nats game. they may be best team in #DC right now
Only one client today... and the script needs a total rewrite. It's a good day to market and have brunch!
Put it down you dirty Jew! Jesus died for that candy!
Tonight on Chris' #Flyers eulogy, an appearance by the and perhaps some playoff pool updates at 8
I dont remember that was.like two months ago
Good job Mrs. Ward for kicking one of your best players off the team!!
Kobe would've hit both
That's great! So glad to hear it. And yes, the book is avail. as a paperback on Amazon, B&N, et al.
what's that
last night was a crazy one at pink elephant. hotties everywhere. tonight the party takes flight at Retreat nightclub nyc at 12am!
Whenever the Vikings are a good team (2009) you use the "how many Super Bowl rings" argument.
excellent. A pleasure to meet you, also.
Snowed lightly in Charleston just now. NWS confirmed 3 tornados in state Friday. Next you will say it will be like spring by Friday ...
#demoralized on a Sunday night. This is not a good way to start another 60 hour/12 class week.
thanks for the suggestion
Ikea is hell on earth.
And I have a Wordpress one. I happened to use that one to post at least two entries for Blogathon. Very easy to use.
does anyone know any fun games to download from the app store
Sipping on some Masala chai from
Hi,I'm preparing to launch this product and would love to know if you can help me. I'm looking for vast exposure.
Sunday afternoon=a great time to take a nap. So excited!
ok we switched browsers and it worked. Phew!
it is nice sometimes to see people validate what we already believe to be true.
Oh yeah opening night for the on the #Harley stage
Recording some Stravinsky and Debussy today... :D
Just have to win the lottery so we can have a house with view over one of those lakes. Any day now :)
should be pretty obvious were gonna lose 7.
yeah I know he was. I misread.
that awkward moment when ur on a roller coaster and ur trying to scream but no sound comes out
Hello and welcome to everyone attending pre-conferences today at the 2012 TLA Conference! Use hashtag #tnla12 to share your experiences.
"Why do people want you to speak your mind and then get upset when you do?"
you don't have a hand!?!
I was tryna watch that bre taylor video...it kept freezing up...but I dnt think I wanna see it all...
!!!!! RT : If you text me first, you are legally obligated to continue the conversation!
Just found out my horse my dad bet for me was in the lead until the very end and got second
welcome to this life style!
Who is all going to the Power game on July 10th? Come on down and make some noise and the Power make their push into the playoffs!
Cool! RT : RT : Biggest day for Etch A Sketch since 1961?
HELL YEA! BUMS!!! LOL
Word up!
Anyone know of a good software that combines community and ecommerce? Thanks a lot!
u have to circle someone. Hit the circle icon then do a search...
Great to see so many friends at the Vinoteca HH tonite, thanks for coming
A friend of mine tried to convince me to sign up for one of those dating sites, but it kind of freaks me out. Male browsing.
Yeah, I'll probably be on Atlantis in a month. :)
Twitter already doesn't know me. Why would it think I'd want to follow ?
where the hell is she. omfg. im freaking tired as hell.
Thanks for the RTs!
had to write a script that's 4 pages long. ugh that's alot of words.
i whip my hair back an fore
that was filed a while ago Bug#: 1466167 Reproducible: Yes Solved: Yes Solution: Never use web interface EVER Status: Closed
Gosh, all I really needed was coffee to be creative. New Song in the works.
thank you guys so much for your continued support!
I can no longer upload photos to #WordPress. HTTP error every. Single. Time. Anyone else have this problem? Super frustrating
Digging through my closet and found my brothers old Arkansas t-shirt that says "Got Bobby?"....coincidence?
Thanks, James!
I got it on me right now I ain't gotta borrow it.
a funny little rap song ! lol im kidden i do it for fun boo
"Hi, Can I help you?" "No, I just waited in line for 15 minutes to say wasup."
Whatever or whenever I am doing something, keeps popping in my mind, up and down, left and right.
hope u have a great vacation take lots of pics luv ya kendall
your Joy Ride ad campaign is so sexist! Can't you find a better way to promote your gyms than than tired sex sells cliches?
no need Hutch. Nothing to do out there but be on Twitter. ;)
oh wait nvm yes take me home
Follow that queer He has an awesome voice and stuff.
My picture from the diamond club just got retweeted from the Phillies.
ResearchMoz: Services Oriented Architecture (SOA) Middleware Market Shares, Strategies, and Forecasts, Worldwide, 2012 ...
Many good blessings headed your way in 2012!! Stay strong!!
happy mothers day to you also
At #DRAKE concert in Denver!!!! Cant wait! Weather perfect and the boots are looking good :)
That is my fear, yes.
1 week until break!!!
Finally got to meet in person with and
So Annoyed!
Exactly why i'm glad I have younger sisters :p
5 different forms of communication!
Ha! That's because we're multi-taskers, and because the Internet is more interesting. :)
top of the morning RG, thanks for linking with the kid. U live in Vegas?
RT : Get your music mixed by &
Tomorrow is Thursday.
this Ryan girl who is a freshman
Im on my way to go hear my baby brothers heart beat in my mommys tummy ! <3
#WizardsInWinter is one of the best #Christmas songs ever!
hahaa that's funny
are you sure... Never?
yea that was shocking ... But Romney sucks I had him as gov in Mass for years he flip flops alot,
Never let optimism become obsolete in your life. Never let critics control your creativity. Never let doubt direct your dream Never give up
Listening to debut album, Barton Hollow. Definitely worth checking out! Excited about seeing them live in a few weeks.
I had to Google Salsalito and now I'm on YouTube searching 4 B-juice clips. Plz tweet at an 8th grade level.
Rocked last night. Good times of course
goodbye camas... HELLO DISNEY WORLD!!
happy birthday man get well soon we need you out there. go blazers!
stunning resemblance.....
Shew.... just took a huge shit in my bathroom
:) I love them too!
Soccer isnt just my sport it is my way of life and my passion!
Hank Paulson and Ed Liddy made false and fraudulent statements to the SEC. So did Martin Sullivan
#ual #united reservations & customer service completely dysfunctional.untrained outsourced callcenters & inept grnd support.Sad.
At last, at last… the servers are back, we are live and the dreamhost coupon code is still active. 10% off anything in the store, anything!
#BlockB we will support you.
I have yours
I think my dog might have died sleeping next to my bed.
Purnell is going nuts.
I'm crying now.
haha otherwise I wouldnt want anyone to see me. :)
Chillin at steak n shake with the fam
As we said after the concert: The behind-the-royal device is the main reason for this magnificent performance!
A new year is God's way of saying "No matter where u have been or whatever u have been through u can always start fresh" my God is so good<3
Oh He got some pretty eyez dont he gworl? (In my strag voice)
my best friends r engaged n are so happy n in Love it's cute. But hve go to nther state 2 get married. Wrong! <3
And Blaine Gabbert's finally going to get someone to throw to.
Is this est?? Thanks!
Congrats on being drafted into the NFL! Good luck, Big Daddy!
I'm so so so so so so so so so so happy it's summer
Follow - great things coming ()
ah everyones asleep.. I think im the only one awake.#yee ... Wat you doin?
please follow :) she has great tweets
Hi Dorothy, Thank you for the follow. Stuart
I'm at Saltgrass and I'm watching the Bulls play on TV!!!! :)
I'm loving this right now. You're stressing so much and I don't give a fuck. Pero no te metas conmigo que yo tengo lengua mala!
Boxwire will change the way you get feedback from your customers.
Just sent you a DM with the deets. Like I said, Lord help us if it really happens.
I need no negative people or things around me I am happy in my life and that's how I want to be
Oh my. Now Alex Gonzalez is hurt. The Brewers are cursed.
Planned Foreclosure- A game of delayed pain and legal bills! TAKE A DIFFERENT APPROACH! Mercedes Martin Realty can inform you!
Google + is amazing!!
These gone be the last trips for the Lakers lol
": Why is everyone wearing sunglasses at the Grammys?" The bling in the room is too bright!! Lmao Good question!!! :)
1. Now that I have hair, it's hard to see on a windy day. I forgot about this problem.
Though it seems to me he showed exactly what he wanted to-- that the normal is shot through with deviance
and I have written badassery. Soon to commence with destruction in the form of "Initiate".
great deals! :)
When everything else fails, Music doesn't.
Haircut day! Mega jackpot $393 million, may need to go out and buy one
What is going on today? Is *EVERYONE* high?!
Why would a girl try to keep a guy hooked by sayn she pregnant?
The dates of the Open Beta haven't been announced. When we send them out, I'll make sure you get one! :)
...hoping a table with a flower garden view will be the inspiration I need to write this next section.
Life is beautiful
R.ii.P Michael Jackson !
Is it a Dell running Ubuntu?
thx bro. Have a great weekend. Preseason baseball tomorrow. Lovin it.
Very happy about Midnight in Paris winning Best Original Screenplay!
is on a hair-flip rage right now!
In thinking of how soon our little girl will be here, I inadvertently got "The Final Countdown" stuck in my head. And now it's in yours.
UPDATE: Police still on scene of the crash on the downtown side of the Ross Island Br. at Kelly and Water...allow extra time.
Sum mf will never change!!!!
SE Portland we <3 you! Thanks for the support yesterday, see y'all around :D
Lord Byron: Our thoughts take the wildest flight; even at the moment when they should arrange themselves in thoughtful order.
Good enough reason for me :) RT : You’ll burn about 700 calories an hour on a bicycle.
Nice! Listening right now.
Going to have a chill night at home watching movies. Anyone got good suggestions was thinking about contraband
on each child from year to year.
it's like $15,000. It might be shown at the NAB show. Attending that next week. I'll let you know what they say.
will you please follow me please please please :)
#5 more days until
we're 9 away from 150! thank you guys so much c:
He will save the steam for when...er, "if" Lebron ever wins a ring. MVP's sans a ring means very little.
Exciting bottom of the 6th! A double by Bando drove in Santomauro, and Anderson just hit a 2-run homer! Up 7-2!!
oh. those kinds of tools. i wish i was as handy with those as with the digital ones :)
RT : Karina looks exactly like her daddy....wow-Yes
Nice cool weather stickin around the County; ok, maybe not the deserts where it'll still be 104 but mild for the rest of us - coast 2cloudy
My wishes came true tonight at An Elevenses Event! Thanks for entertaining...
Changing what you do will change how you think and feel.
they r boys ! They wear shorts! 😠! My babies r vary manly
Thanks for the FF!
our pleasure! & I hope you like TREASURE ISLAND
This makes me laugh now, but in a few months will make me weep inside.
I will have to confront someone today who sent me a nast e-mail. IMHO, that is very cowardly
Maybe you should become a professor and work in academia!?
Musicians, keep your listeners wanting more: end your song on the tritone, minor second or major seventh. That's how Thelonius Monk did it.
I cheated on my fears, broke up with my doubts, got engaged to my faith and now ... I�m marrying my dreams
Break depression by focusing only on the moment. Be in the now.
are you talking about "Bob?"
I think I'm addicted to the client list.
I like Ramiro Pena, but his numbers are generally flat. Yet, Yanks continue calling him up. They know something we don't C yet?
I love how real and happy you are all the time! You truly are an amazing gift!!!
Follow me on
almost party fouled!!! Somebody cut her off!!!
Tommy Prestarri is so fine fo real doe!!!(:
Top 3 in :30 coming up next
EXPERIENCED RETAIL PROFESSIONAL seeking District Manager position or higher for the new year! Please see my website: www.filmproces0130.m…
Wherever you go, there you are. Quoth Buckaroo.
To save a Life in defeat, is to receive Victory and Honor.
I know. I'm working there this summer!
Maybe I'll watch Transformers at the movies tonight. Better yet, CineDine.
All ik is that Danny and Paul better come to play Tuesday.
Yes, it's hard not to just hand over the wallet voluntarily when he does something like that :)
I'm like out of everybody you find him attractive. Alright go head Denise!
“: I signed up for the today! Did you? It's gonna be a blast!” woot!!!!!
Winners don't quit they succeed
one of the best going in all of ncaa lax right now.
What's good
Might just kick out the jams this morning.
love your jingle.
Is anyone alarmmed at the sudden reports to push off preventative medicine for women so insurance/government can make more $ching$ up front?
Which of our services would you most like to receive as a gift?
I'll be there about 2
Lmfao! My mom would too RT : My mama woulda slapped my soul outta my body if I would call her a motherfucker
The legend of Jordan strikes again RT : Jordan especially post baseball Jordan torched by smaller guards
Eat cookies theyre good for u
Chain smokin loud like its a Newport 💨💨🚬 - 2 Chaaaaaainz
Thanks for the RT, Ellis!
A very good morning to Happy New Year & thanks for being new followers.
People are a freaking trip
By 2025, about two thirds of the world’s population, roughly 5.5 billion people, will live in areas facing moderate to severe water stress.
I use Hopkins' Shelf Elf and Craig's Mr. Wiggle's Book w/ the little ones.
Just checked out the rooms @ The Palms blocked off for Superdraft this year. Sweet!
Pick up a copy of the Aurora Your Hub in the Denver Post's Thanksgiving edition -- help put a smile on a sick child's face this Holiday!
"I prayed about it, but I don't know to which god."
Ben and Jerry's Chubby Hubby. A perfect mix of sweet and salty.(I should write ice cream descriptions shouldn't I?)
This eagles team looks scary good.
haha - I'm not going to argue with your assessment. Happy St. Pat's to you as well! Have a breakfast burrito for me, please.
Going to the RJ Donovan State Prison for Take Your Daughter To Work Day... I already feel like this is going to be traumatizing. 😰
Entrepreneurs: Don't have time to wait - apply to present at the 2012 Angel Capital Summit!
I love when people ignore me
Wishing desperately that would play in SF since he will be in CA anyways why not march 29th with Tyrone wells:)
love to invite you to come to Harbor House for our brunch we offer on Sundays!
": yes...baseball IS in fact more important than X-Factor....so you can wait! lol" who says otherwise? That's my fightin side!!
Just got a prayer rug in the mail =)
For not having a job, I'm waking up WAY to early! 6:30 day, w/o an alarm - rested, stress free, bored by 10am ;)
weird how so?
So Best Boy Budd sez still owes him money from back in the day. Best Boy Budd may be delusional.
just killed my good mood . 😒
I read up to mentally ill. that I am. as are you.
Geez do I need to buy a Kite? It's so flippin Windy outside.
We are hours away from a huge announcement......
I wanna go home already....
Did someone say double date? -->: Me too! ~~> RT : Where's everyone taking their mother today? I need ideas for lunch.
Think of a number between 0 and 120. Add 12 to it. Multiply by 2. Subtract 8. Now close your eyes. It's dark, isn't it?
how about no cops - no money...
Laker fans are classy RT : Avoid downtown of possible. Too many armed robberies going down..
we're back! Come down and see the store, the changes, all the HOT new bikes and all of us! We miss you guys!!!!!
she said it's perfectly fine!! :) woot!
"Time stays long enough for anyone who will use it." ~Leonardo da Vinci
fuck what u want i got what u need
Makes you wonder how civilization got anything done without bacon to power us. I'd like to think bacon got us to the moon.
I feel like we should come up with some way to merge the two.
You're more than welcome :) Thanks for allowing ShowClix to be apart of such an amazing event! All the best
“: Still trying to decide who I like less, john edwards or roger clemens. Probably clemens. Vote here.” Edwards.
You must be the change you wish to see in the world. ~Mahatma Ghandi
close the highway because Obama is coming?
It's funny when people get on twitter trying to regulate shit and they don't know what they're talking about... relax your limbs.
Vocals are good, awesome guitar playing btw! I love your song "What I Strive For" <33
Oh no, what happened!?
Just unlocked 's official twitter troll badge.
#Cardinals draft who cares with the 13th pick in the
Craig Counsell: Rally starter
We are almost at 3,000 followers! When we hit 3,000 we will have a trivia contest to celebrate - winner gets a book!
It blows my mind how people have no clue of how much work is needed to succeed.
we should get together.
VM Ware and Wyse demo today. Go cloud computing.
appreciates your continued use/promotion of all things QWiPS. And yes, we think you should you for questions!
I like this one guy but my Bestfriend likes him too</3 fml
How the heck are you?
Me too. I am pleased that Obama supports same-sex marriage.
We kick our feet up .
Happy Mother's Day to all my FB family & friends!! Enjoy your day!!!
Nixon and Rebozo up in a tree...Richard ain't talking, 'Bebe' ain't talking, Spiro ain't talking; Fulsom is talking.
get it get it “: Don't Stop”
Man! I shoulda played MegaMillions last week. I'm one lucky son of a you-kno-what. lol
#whydoeseveryone have a cracked iPhone? You should really be more careful =P make #whydoeseveryone a TT haha
in the studio with Bronze
GTWT is thrilled to announce as our Title Sponsor for the 12th Annual Fashion Show! Exciting plans in the works!
I want to go and explore the woods.
Time to sleep again...Hopefully a beautiful dream ami Ya Rab!!!
I swear if I fight my combos can knock someone out
man just found out u was released from strike force go 2 WWE make some quik doe then sign wit bellator or UfC luv u Bruh!!
Wish we could go together! I'm going crazy waiting for my bf to finish reading the books.
how did I not follow you on Twitter! Good Morning!!!
lol that's hilarious! Thanks!
desert island wine? I have an electric chair cheese.
'Income does not equal wealth' -Millete Birnhanemaske, Investment Executive
I'v read that one!! i remember the story... how is it going?? Almost done?
#jealous Girls >
Dam I just bought a taco from some taco truck....I took one bite to find out I was a bite away from eating a dead roacH on it!!! SICK SHIT
I love my dad. Needed to hear his voice and sweet words. Seconds after I prayed, God affirmed through Him.
Ha @ David West touching Chalmers' face
So, we're deff pigging out tomorrow. ♥
Date Night - Cap City Comedy at 8:00 followed by Rob Dickinson at Mixx - make the wife listen to No Control Radio on KROX on the way home.
Who said you could get on that bike.....busted, but i still love you ma
I am too much concentrated on myself
World Book Night was so much fun! Can't wait to hear more stories
i'm not sure what i should be for Halloween .. and ideas..
Lol kool we have to do something soon we always say we will but never do
If im tired when i wake up then in definitely not goun to school
QF pleased to be in such distinguished company ": New suggestions for you: , and "
fine goodnight everybodeh.
If you think getting up on Sunday morning is hard, try rising from the dead!
Yes, dear?
decide what/who belongs in your life and dont apologize for removing what doesn't!!
AUCI up 100% already in less than 5.5 trading hours off my bottom grab of 1,000,000 shares at .0011.. I see this getting to .004+
Will Dalton: "We are Always where we are supposed to be all the time!"
haha good I know I am so sryy I know how much u love to cuddle with meh ;)
Chillin' at the crib, expensive ass view; I say I'm tryina live life, I'm tryina breakthrough..
Studying while on
lol well it would make sense since I did shoot a Shaw commercial. ;) I was being facetious. lol
it really is phenomenal how many people are taking time to donate to such worthy causes!
#confession I've grown up a lot in the past year..
Tortorella doesn't want to do press conferences - Then don't. Simple . Don't treat people like they are an affront to you.”
I see a trend here- Obama wasting money, and gimmicks.
Lets rent a movie
Ya gots to go...
where is the sneak peek?
Is it fair to criticize #Browns GM Heckert for failing to address RT in the offseason? Now that what everyone was afraid would happen did?
check out travel and tourism blog: www.beingtheredoingthat.com
Ed holmberg and Dylan Gouert are in the house! #nick'n'eddie
For my scholar friends--what little, fly, funky things do you do during your summers to keep it (and yourself) fresh? Adding to your game?
No luck on the poll eh? Or did I miss it?
My Dreamcast is so old it has become senile - every time I turn it on it wants to know what day it is...
Oh yeah. Tony #noms in the morning.
Rather than teaching SoMe for med school, it's more important to personally exp SoMe to realize how/why its useful
Uhh hate getting up early!!
- So at this point I think we just pray for rain to end this miserable spectacle, right?
fo sure dude
get rid of your egg
Tonight's action: 7:30pm Houston Dynamo vs Philadelphia Union 8:00pm Quiz Night. 10:00pm Los Angeles Galaxy vs New York Red Bulls
good luck!
Looking forward to the Genealogy Fair tomorrow. Plan to attend sessions as well as visit the booths!
Thanks!! RT Great unsolicited shout out to ... Great work by !
B 1 of the few to have my Cochon555 Aspen Cocktail 2nite. Bacon/ Rib Armagnac Blanche, Pistachio Dumante, Smoked Cherries.
"So sweet Danna! Let me know when you make it to the D. : is it your bday? sending <3..hope to see you soon! xo"
Oh I haven't, have I? You think Mubarek left on his own? knows.
In other words, not going to happen. RT Barrett: the trick to restoring workers' rights is the assembly.
So close!
Also, in the spirit of the social environment , we're hashtagging #overheardatworkbar. Join the convo!
RJ takes the Victory for Team Scholars Inn Bakehouse!!! First 1-2 victory! Outstanding! Free cookies the rest of the day at each Bakehouse
They're probably off hiding with mine, as I, too, am in search of them for reasons-to-be-disclosed-in-the-near-future
thx to both of you & & for being there. my fully augmented network. ;)
People watching like its my job...lol easy work day. (:
What's a pleasure watching all my 4 grandkids playing with each other.
Thanks!! That's fabulous. Such an important & timely topic
Coffee. It's an Alterra kind of morning.
you're welcome
If you have previously posted your videos online it's ok, you can always remove them or password protect when you begin applying
3 Stars, 3 In the Box coming up at 8:30. You can chime your 3 & 3 in over Twitter or by phone at 248.848.1130
So after looking at literally thousands of craigslist postings, I've now seen one - just one - that includes a floor plan diagram.
So do you guys
Lets get it started is so hard to play on the flute !
To go laugh or to watch a movie in thee bed.. This is thee question.
do you have practice tomorrow?
Marcum: scholars having to pause digital work to write books is "a temporary thing" book work will continue alongside digital
I'm in the hotel lobby, in case you want to go up together.
New Rock News 43 vet Runner Runner was on Jimmy Kimmel Live! on July 20th!!! Way awesome, good job guys!!
No coffee, dairy, gluten or alcohol for the next few weeks. Am I loving or punishing myself?
Preparing and finalizing details for Linda & John's wedding on July 9th. Westeria is the color and i cannot wait until Saturday.
Thanks for the mighty #FF!!
Limousines or VIP services needed for your upcoming Vegas party. Call 888.558.3427 were always here to help.
DAMN QUOTIN MY BIG FAT GREEK WEDDING B? more like my big fat Greek blunt ammiright???
I had a blast with you all today! Hope we will meet again sometime soon. I wish you all luck! :)
np(: i love your eyes
I do #financialmarkets #sports #code I heard you're hiring, let's talk?
Thank you kindly!
I have a feeling Walter White will be supplanting Gus tonight - but it will prove to be more than he bargained for.
So u weren't popular in high school. NOW, you're too cool to talk to us regular folks?
So excited for you & your Mr.!!! GOD IS GOOD!!
deep creek lake!
If you wanna win the race, you might need to change who you're runnin' with tho...
HuBz grabs his laptop and walks away. He forgot it was still connected to the main computer.....
I got some serious chills right now. Congrats
listening to terrible music
Think should submit a video for the Sundrop 'drop it like it's hot' campaign. What u say
Happy Easter everyone.
A pair of jeans that fit just right, and the radio up. (: ✌
RT : #Clearwire #clear stop advertising your 4g Wimax as a Whole city Wifi hotspot. because its not..you fail
omg! Was jus tweetin u to tell u I agree with ur comment about Tracy Morgan lol
smh thats terrible you gotta do better
niggaz gotta be able to accept rejection...... #NoJustMeansNotRightNow lol
did you try it? It's a monster…
Had an awesome time w/ seeing our friends at K99/Dayton today! So excited for the show tonight w/ in Springfield.
Sandlerian? RT : looking for a word that is the opposite of Shakespearean for describing an actor. Abramsian? Anyone?
getting my braids soon. the summer workout plan begins. 😳
I hate being Bi-Polar. It's awesome.
omg miley cyrus is so lacanian in the climb! psychoanalytic drive is not about goal but aim=its all about the climb
If you're a fan of House Hunters, a Milwaukee couple will be featured on tonight's episode. 9 p.m. on HGTV.
I feel honored that you're following me - lol!
I'll miss you too :(
hell yeah! Me too
Did the page load at all? It's loading for me now. We had a short network issue last night that may have caused this error.
Very interesting. I signed up.
thanks Carlos!
Good Night Everyone....
SO TRUE on the coffee comment!!! haha
your welcome :)
Life's exiting :) x
Thank you to everyone who made DC & #g2e worth the 5 hour plane ride. See you at Gov 2.0 Summit
Tell Yo New Followers To Follow Me
Haha! Just got a call from friends making last minute travel plans. They'll be here in two days.
UNITY wishes to thank Toyota and CZ for this opportunity. A great opportunity to reach out to the community.
Just checked out your video. I like - smooth chillin beaths. Thumbs UP
They share a car! #rockinruralwomen Last question!
I wish there was an Instagram filter with my prescription so that people with good vision could understand how blind I am.
Almost all of my money always goes towards clothes/shoes.
Please send us a direct message with your contact information and we'll call you asap. Again sorry for the delay.
Oh come on rain! Some people have outside bike ride trainings to do! Oh well, I guess gym it is...
may need to make some sleepy time tea and force myself to sleep.
back up in tha shop.. come through !
Your welcome(:
well you shouldn't give up, you can always change for the better!
We're no good anymore.
no hun, not religion, lifestyle. she will pass, just like everybody.
British ships of the line have opened fire on Norfolk, VA.
You can't really go wrong at TED.
Last day of driving without passengers. A little nervous about that, but should be ok. My trainer is great. MKE MCTS.
Congrats Alabama! Well deserved win
Big welcome to fellow author
What are you selling? if you are going to loose all caps ill buy one.
What?! How is this logical for Bones?? Is it the post pregnancy hormones?!
phone stolen....
Rvp for president
also I don't usually pay close attention to random strangers saying weird things
Do you think Montee Ball has a chance at the Heisman?
Ughh might quit track because i cant run!!:/ i pulled a thigh muscle!!!;(
cant wait(:
yeah. I hate it too. But I didnt expect the tide to get up for that one.
“: If the feelings aren't there, you shouldn't be either.”
you do live in a good area.
RT If we assume this life is all there is we're likely to waste it. If we know we'll be accountable 1day we'll wisely invest it.
HELL YEAH!! ELLIIIIOOOOTTTTTT
Does Alex have one? And ya'll can come over too to watch them.
I Need A Replacement
When you take a break from the mind chatter, suddenly the world filled up with the richness of song. Sonia Choquette
hahaha oh my gosh. I mean that's the only explanation for him to so willingly do such a crappy commercial.
All the right moves in all the right places
So weird to see all the previews for #TornadoAlley at the takes me back to some great times at !
Three! We needed that!
Tonight's Plays still in action: Cardinals-125, Indians-125, Tigers Even, Rockies-140, Clippers+3, Thunder-4.5
As Billy Chrystal gets older the more he begins to look like a Cabbage Patch kid. Ah squeeze those cheeks.
I got tweetlimit in my other account :(
#mohrstories is the best thing to happen to the summer of 2011! is fantastic Always has been. Always will be
Random passenger to my mom: tonight, while I'm in bed in Cincinnati, I'll be thinking of you on your flight to Paris.
Watching UConn come back on marquette. Wow. They want it, that's for sure. Marq got a bit lazy and Huskies are all over it!
I have got some serious fever.
lol we're just cool like that!😉
ha ha! Town home door hole! Oops
- Plain Pringles dipped in salsa is really good too. Omg.
Contact our Chief Curator, Dave Shackelford at . Thanks!
the least you can do is answer your phone when I call!!!! #NACDA2012 countdown
hahahahaha you are real funny. NOT
People say nothing is impossible, but I do nothing every day.
I'm still on the look-out for any borrowers who have had their mortgages reduced. If you know anyone, please let me know.
combining two unfortunate physical failings.
Welcome new followers Ben Mathai , Jay Justice , Ayden Rae Foundation
Does your phone take video?
Gingrich just requeste secret service. He received credible threats of glitter bomb.
rapture party on Saturday!! Sinners go down partying and the losers can float away to boring ol' heaven!! Wooohoooo!!!!
its a hypothetical question. I'm just really sitting here trying to think what I would do.
Some people r so predictable u can set ur watch by them. Push the right buttons & just sit back & watch. Can b quite amusing. ;)
if that statement came with some kind of 'sorry,' I'd probably leave it, but still decline to babysit again.
bet you can't do that at 5 Point #hugeportions “: I win all-you-can-eat biscuits and gravy. Five plates; take that, Highline!”
Got bitches doing my homework;)
Waiting for tonight's debate between NATO and CANG8. Pritzker Military Library.
Those Gasol brothers are the ish,
Too late. Don't forget your Pepcid. love, Mom.
you mean westbound train.
7,785 Likes and Counting, Thanks for the support!
Don't forget to sign up for Fri's 1pm User Group ft. & Gwynedd-Mercy College's Help Desk! Email
Oh Bown Nachos are not consistent. Pshah. Buy me a drink.
Thanks 're pumped to be working with you too :)
Yeah duh we are THE COOLEST
I said us fellas, sir.
thanks, looks a lot worse than it really is, shouldn't let them hit the ball!!
looking forward to Phil Soran's keynote at cdrive day 3!
special shout out Dr. Frankfurter....says Don't Dream It
Made An New ICONic Buddy (: Follow Her ! (:
mufuckaz dm'n me bout my background ima tell u like dis if u dnt kno who dat man is u dnt deserve to b black
definitely can't do it this morning!
I left and I'm here :/ been for about 4 days
Did you get nervous before games in the tournament? If so how did you handle it? Do you get more nervous as a fan?
we all need reminders lol
Um so my sister is home from college and this the 4th day she haven't did you know what....😲.
Headed to Gary tomorrow morning!! Excited to get to take out for lunch sometime soon with !! ^_-
its a lie? Y know damn well your pops has talked hella shit bout you and your daughter, so why are you still backin him up?
Can't breathe through my nose and my throat is killing me .. Gotta love allergies ..
You are welcome!
all i can say is hard to go against Kentucky, but Kansas is more then capable to smack that ass
Excited to start working with and on the creation of the next big thing!
Not likely. We brewed Nutty Brunette once in house. Tap or bottle? Probably Stacked Milk Stout.
U must really think my middle name is stupid...checks birth c.. hell haw so u got me fucked up...
This Girl asked my aunt you don't want people to cry at you funeral do ya, she gone say ion care what they do cus iAint gone see em noways
oh ya don't u dare forget it
When is the release date of the Bred 4s ???
RT Can you help me lose my NoCal accent when I'm in L.A.? Or, is it better to sound imported? --> Imported, of course! ;-)
School is back and with that comes homework and tests. Tutor Doctor can help with both of those and we come to your house. 1on1tutoring.com
t-shirts are free correct?
Dale, thanks for the follow
Parents get a special handbook when they take you home from the hospital
yeah true!
It's beginning to look a lot like
You ain't about that life
glad someone else is enjoying this nothing going exactly like I want it too kind of days.
last grad tweet. it's been an awesome day! congratulations on everything!
My wife and I watch weekly, love the Gingrich interview and Reid. Yoy do a great job on interviews and as a moderator!
what is this "radio" thing that you speak of?
no problem and I'm good xD
The more you like yourself, the less you are like anyone else, which makes you unique. 
I'll see what I can do to stop this 😏
looking forward to it either way. I'm down for #lobbycon if it comes to that.
'none of this is clear cut' agree fully. engagement is not linear #multichannel participation can be highly fragmented
Oh noes! Not the killer THC!!! :x
ik how you feel :/
what's up we are generic intro interlude then a breakdown.
YUP! 'Jungle Mini Golf' on the website they have list of dry activities. Lol
Just talked to PIO Joel DeSpain. He says today's press conference will deal mostly with gun violence.
I'll babysit in exchange for piano lessons RT : A stranger just told me I could keep his daughter if I wanted
As Debbie Boone once sang, "You light up my life." Or is that too corny? Well, never mind. We aim to please!
I just bought a nook today. And it won't let me purchase books. What am I doing wrong...ugh!!!
ily I'll keep tending !ily please follow me
Grim grinning ghosts come out to socialize 👻👻👻
I wish I had someone to cook for :(
You ain't never too pretty to get shitted on....
& u can't smell me neither hoe , how u do dat
don't forget cute little Myles!
On my way to #fbfORL - can wait to learn new tricks and meet new foodies!!
word...well shit let me know..you already know you got a place to stay
In relationships, some things are better left unsaid.
how old is he
Everyone is an entrepreneur. It doesn't mean you..start a company. It means managing your career as if you are your own business. -D. Nishar
What if true love never has a beginning? Ex. Lonely single great women (& men)~
welcome anytime!
your spoiled haha
Story of my life.
Germany in less than a month!
wait a second. Let's backtrack. What year were you?! lmao.
shucks i like when you were just a Hill thing. But congrats on the expansion
No matter what happens throughout your day just know that everything happens for a reason and life will always bring good with the bad
GETTING READY FOR A BIG PAGEANT WEEKEND.. I AM GOING TO ROCK IT OUT... FOLLOW ME.. MISS ALEXIS TODD ON TWITTER.. I FOLLOW BACK
I <3 Girls Gone Wild
AUSTIN AUSTIN AUSTIN <3 Follow me. Please? It'll make up for the sadness I have that I can't go to your concert. :(
Yep, I am
I know he didn't expect to be pulled out of bed on a Sunday night, but is #JohnKing drunk?
Congrats to the 2012 Orientation Leaders! So much nostalgia right now.
Don't know what you doing to me with your love ...
": Me & beatin up this chick at the end of the school year after school lol #middleschoolmemories" haha OMG Miss it
Question of the day? How does Twitter help your business?
One final down, one left to go!
...thx...sending 2day info of the play from Centennial Productions.
Did you guys film the finale today?!?
You know, I need to develop the thumbnail habit. Perhaps I don't do it because so far I have worked mainly from photos.
So excited that is tweeting! Be sure to follow him - he's the man! Thank you Jared! #SharePoint P.S. Live chat Thurs 11am PST
Today knowledge has power. It controls access to opportunity and advancement. -Peter Drucker
Mr. D would like to offer you a free dozen donuts or a 1 pound bag of coffee. Tell the employees who you are to receive your prize!
Sometimes I read something like The Bone People and it puts me in a way too thinky head space.
RT : There's nothing like a Mothers Love! God has allowed her to bring forth life! MOM = (M)aker (O)f (M)iracles
I'm ridiculous. But I heart you. ;)
This Friday and Saturday we are having a huge year end sale! 25% off everything (not new comics) and 90% off on DVDs
Omg I love that show!! :DD
See what is happening today at www.palmbeachparenting.com
I'm used to bars where I either know everyone or no one. This reunion kind-of knowing is bizarre.
what is this a lisy of?
The one i love dearly Mr. Logan Henderson!! <3
haha might just have to go to legoland then!
STAY LAUGHING AT THESE DUCK ASS HOES!!!!!!!!!!
Here we go--Honduras 2012 is underway! Prayer and fundraising starts now!!
I hear a bad joke in there? Wear white for women's rights. Sounds like some setup for a wet time in a bar. Bad choice of color.
"You know what it's alright b/c my boo probably has fed exed me a new pair of shoes!"
LOVED your musical piece this morning! It made my day and had me laughing on the way to work.
Thanks for the follow! We love dogs + political junkies, which makes you just abou perfect!
Because she wore arm warmers, she was so warm after she swam through the shawarma swarm
I feel like one of the Billy Joe's should be playing QB in this game. (Tolliver, Hobert) Cade McNown is playing for KC today
Hoping to get a dog after the move. What are your favorite bigger (over 50lbs) breeds & why?!
It will b interesting2c O Neill w/a full squad. One of the best defensive minds in the game. Hardly ever out of a game.
“: YALL READY FOR US TOMORROW!!!?” seriously why am I not there
love him !! Miss you
Thanks. Fascinated by the "networked privacy" concept.
Nice!!! a new #JuwanEvansAngel!!! :)
Studies show that T-Pain AAAAYYYEEEEE
So cool! I'll be on there with ya!
Oh, well then you'll be fine either way!
In a way? You could almost say that about string cheese itself.
merely offering an opposing point of you. Would be unfortunate if you truly believed only 3 things to be done w a woman.
Anytime. Nice to meet you.
8th period when you have a game is the longest class of your life
I swear I hardly have anything to say on here when Basketball season is over. :(
same as every other new tech: sex.
way up on Sahara...
I'm always afraid I'm gonna say something and make someone mad at me or judge me. I try not to care what people say/think about me, but I do
Livin like theres nothin i can do to stop it from comin.
Off to shoot a spot where I get to be a baseball announcer. Maybe they'll green screen me into Wrigley for Take Me Out to the Ballgame
hey girl whats up?? how was ur day??:)
I think they actually shot in Spain. I remember reading that somewhere...
Aunt Gina isn't enjoying being childless and hungover for "Take your child to work" day.
Playing with the JECO Intercollegiate Jazz Ensemble at the Hyatt Regency in Columbus. 9:30 pm! Come hang
Rolling Rock...Domino's wings...Time to reconnect with America.
flexibility training decreases the occurrences of muscle imbalances, joint dysfunctions, and overuse injuries
VOTE FOR MEGAN AND LIZ'S RING POP FLAVOR!!!
Tell us about your tattoo cover-up epic fails (or ones you've heard of)!
thanks for the RT, Sarah
Can cats see ghosts? That's what I want to know.
Mary Carillo returns to New England to reconnect with Team Hoyt on the next episode of Real Sports with Bryant Gumbel. Real Sports premier…
hahah. So there will be pizza!?
- i cant wait til I can wear my contacts again ...
plus im drinkin your goin away present right now haha courtesy of jack daniels
Happy Hump Day!!!!!
That cat is so fat I want to marry it.
wow epic vid ill have to finish that.. very smart and
By the way, there is no one I support more than Nate Silver. Well done bro. (:
Did anything funny happen online today? We try and track what the cool videos are so help us out!
JUST CAN'T WORRY ABOUT iT OR YOU!!!!
We're giving away a #Minkoff4mark bag each day this week! RT/Follow to enter
I've got my spine, I've got my orange crush
OMG ME TOO, like ah! They are both gorgeous!
It's Woof Wednesday so don't forget to pick up your food, toys, and Halloween costumes today! See ya soon.
yyooouuu are great!
There's someone who cries while you smile, one who suffers while you enjoy & one who's dying while you're living. Appreciate life.
Do These NBA Big Men Have Sick Handle When Yall Play Exhibition or is it as struggle as in NBA games?
miss u too!!! Kiss that baby for me!!
and how would you know that... I am still waiting for you to stand that post and respond to earlier tweets.
OMG! Me too! We would definitely be the coolest kids in school! ;)
(cont) for some reason Justin Long was there telling everyone he's a PC. Cake pops, bean bag chairs, FB stalkers, & gay fiats.
I'm going to be a Friday afternoon tour guide for #CHI2010. All on board!
What is wrong w/me? Darn pregnancy hormones = constant tears over anything & everything. My poor eyes are so sore. Blah! All over nothing!
yah….'apropos' actually can't be used once a month unless you have legit patched elbow credentials, but it sounded good
Luckily, most images created under the hire of the Government are public domain! Your tax money at work.
Instructional design is not dead, it's evolving. Just like learners are changing the way they acquire knowledge, as instructional designers,
Mtgs w/ a comm. agent and a DP; editing a standup video; reinstalling apps on my Macbook; final prep for webisode i'm directing.
please follow your huge Arianator ! She loves you so much! Please make her dream come true.  41
What's up Homie?
The video game did SUCH a good job of the relationship between the Prince and Farah. They hate each other and stick together.
I just realized that I have been single for more than a year now. We!
If Jelena did break up for real tho. I don't know what emotion I'm supposed to feel... Sad? Happy? Excited? Sad? omg confused.
A235cccc < kj85, button flats i check my big blind, flop 955dd, i bet button flats, turn j, i bet he calls, river 4c, i bet he jams for ...
": Pay attention to the people that help you when you're low, so you know who to ignore when you're at your high."
U fuck wit the most weakest animated bitches ever lol
not a big beer guy do mostly liquor.
dang lol okay maybe I'll come before. Just bc I'm having thanksgiving with my mom & sister
Drunk Jeff and Brita, hilarious
Merry Christmas tp you & yours Rachel. Thanx for all your advice, feedback & words of encouragement. GOD bless.
so i went to church today, & both buildings are yellow O_o uh...no. gray was SO much better.
at least, right? but this sound that I heard, I think this was *actual hardware keyboard clicking*. And that is Not OK.
Just landed in Memphis for work! Here til wednesday night. Then back to DC and on to DR!
#SteveJobs would have made #Siri sound like a global revolution and the start of our Jetsons life style! Instead we got the Skynet feel? Lol
|#quotes Surviving a failure gives you more self-confidence. Failures are great learning tools.. but they must be kept to a minimum.
Has to! I have some old copies of stuff.
ouuuuuu gurl. Its just dumb cause no matter how many people have the jump the line thing they only let a certain amount go in.
Best place to start would be . . .RT Ready to write this screenplay. Where do I start! It's all in my head, the whole movie.
Failure is the opportunity to begin again more intelligently. ~Henry Ford
xoxo how many tattoos do u have ??
Latter-Days should repurpose "All Along the Watchtower".
Hi Tweeples, #TGIF. Had a great week: busy & productive. Hope you enjoyed the same. Let's finish that
Flavors of the week Valentine's Day Cake and Chocolate Covered Strawberries!
Ended up with all comp, benefit, and system deliverables at the same time. FYI - This is a terrible idea...
Hospital in Haiti Launches Search for Chief Executive Officer
Strep freaking throat. That's all. Can you bring me soup and sing to me? Hahaha
hit my phone
Prohibition makes you want to cry into your beer and denies you the beer to cry into.
Amazon "buy with one click/send to kindle" is genius and dangerous at the same time. I'm surprised my Kindle hasn't raised a white flag.
Whittier show this Friday!
no But I know her..she real cool
hm, this is true! Haha
Thanks for the follows new friends!
Love when "L" from #manbag tells me to Look out on the TV for him when he will be appearing on the court show judge joe brown
ILL SNEAK INTO HIS HOUSE AND STEAL HIS THINGS FOR U HAHAHA but hes in la ~~~
If the Ravens win today Flacco would be the 1st QB to win 50 games in his 1st four NFL seasons.
Just putting it out there... I follow whomever follows me ;) <3 That's how much I love getting new followers :D
Scary: #RonArtest DID NOT FLINCH. Reflex would dictate some sort of response twd the person hurt. Then the nooka-WHAT- stance? NO! GET OUT!
Madison is still really cool. Do you still have a Siamese? I think I have always had one of those.
that boy that came here yesterday is nice lol
#WeLoveOurKidrauhl :') I love him SO much like u guys know...u understand. AH I LOVE HIM. LOOOOVEEE LOVE LOVE LOOOOOOOOVVEEEE <3 LOVE
Shocking news update, the packers have more pro bowlers than the vikings. The good news for the vikings is they will have that week free!
I will never be thr same without you
When people are so negative about things<
Pro•to•type ► the original on which something is based; someone that serves to illustrate the typical qualities of a class.
I want to try this damn Dr. Scholls machine. I wanna know my foot pressure number.
OHMYGOD. JASON'S COMING HOME SOON. AH. c:
"Someone said true love was dead and I'm bound to fall, bound to fall for you."
Could you please please please please please please please please please please please please follow me, or RT this.. Please..
omg I just ran into Sammy who had that :)
: Hi Julia -- I'm trying to understand better how Sulia works and want to discuss ways we could work together. DM me?
YES! (But we do LibQual+, so "good prizes" is our only chance.) RT : Q2 Keep the surveys SHORT!
Education is a method whereby one acquires a higher grade of prejudices. - Laurence J. Peter
#ReplaceNickiSongsWithMoth -- Moths in the Trap
Ouch, get ready for the Geordie backlash to your twitter account :)
thanks *hugs back* :')
The Prisoner of Azkaban because it explained so much!
Happy Monday!!!! What are you going to do to start the week of right?! I'm meeting then today.
dolvett will you marry me?#biggestloser. :)
"I am the Resurrection and the Life; whoever believes in me even if he dies, will live." -John 11:25
yeah, last time I checked, this is MY twitter therefore I can say whatever I want.
Kicked myself off pinterest. :(
I Wanna Party Like it's 19Q4, Eye of The Tiger's Wife,
How are things there in Detroit?
thats was pretty hype. I agree.
Bed time..
Antonio Brown is the winner of the 2011 Steelers MVP Award. Nice
try ebay there are ususally cheaper there, decent mac minis can go for $500
I hope you know what you have
BVEN Boutique is looking for quality, current up to date resale for consignment. Designer pieces appreciated. Please email...
Happy Friday, #Pittsburgh!
PLEASE, follow back? xoxo :-)
you should probably stick to letting me text for you
Harvard-Educated Law Professor: Fox News Anchor Bret Baier ...
Wow get my phone stolen and lose followers thats raw whats up people im back
Thanks for tweeting that #e01. I'm running late :(
Soul meets soul on lover's lips. ~ by Percy Bysshe Shelly ~
Twitter is pretty astounding that way.
We are hydrating at Hollywood and Ovation just outside of the Hollywood Farmed Market. Come by and get a ZICO!!
fabulous rainbow. Thank you!
Do you ever feel like you ran out of time? Like there was so much more to experience, accomplish, share & then poof...times up. Hate that.
iTunes comes up with "On, On, U of K" Oh Yeah! #GoCats #BBN #GAMEDAY!!!
Awesome definitely looking forward to checking it out.
Thx Boxer! Really appreciate it. Enjoy your vacation!
my favorite song;-)
It's 11:11 make a wish, I wish....... Wait I can't tell you or else it won't come true.
About to eat on some Hispanic food right now
Thx to the proposal reviewers and everyone who submitted proposals for the annual conference!
We appreciate all of you who follow Poised Creation in Denton!
I've just switched to android and I'm loving it! Thanks
Eat healthy, stay fit, Die anyway.
well now that im officially creeped out downstairs, im gunna transport up my stair and switch to #twittermobile. LOL.
...the main façade. This was usually an Attic order, with pilasters instead of pillars; whence the name.
I have Greg Jennings, Wes Welker, and Marques Colston on my team. Do I bench any one of them for Beanie Wells?
I spent last summer out in Cali and I made some definite memories lol. Lets see what Florida brings to the tables!
Oh nice! Didnt know studio did the #prettypowerful text and likely other things.
I can read your mind... Muah hahaha
Shit thats more likely u u kno more bout prison than me and u always come out smiling!
The way I love the main ppl I chill with everyday after skool! >>>>>>>>>>
You know who I think is/will be comparable in the US? Beyonce.
go get em Nate!!
new favorite show THE VAMPIRE DIARIES!!!!!!! Watched it all night long
Nusbaum supporters you only have 8 pic badges. Shilling has 121. Powerful way to remind friends/family to vote. //bit.ly/mWvnA8
true enough.
Have a great day or evening, where ever in the world you may be. Early morning meetings, wish us luck. Have a good one everybody!
God doesn't have a Facebook, and he's my friend. He doesn't have Twitter either, but I follow him.<3
what did she say and what was your girl name?
Europe update: We've been to Copenhagen, Salzburg and now are in Ahus, Sweden. Very rainy in the home of Absolut Vodka.
I wonder if that get piped in from corporate.
Happy Monday everyone! So, what was your favorite commercial from the Super Bowl yesterday? Give a shout out here.
a character I would love to see get hit by a bus.
that's insane. I would have a bad a$$ bicycle lol
hey Frank, when is Shape going to available digitally? Looks great by the way! Can't wait.
Mr. Galactic Fantastic LOL
Gov. Scott Walker thanks GOP faithful for their prayers, says "that just means the world to us."
Have a great week and Christmas celebration with your great family...thank you for your hard work and inspiration!
M drunk... ruining diet and crave ice cream. 7/11 seems so far away. The bed in the next room seems so far away.
I use to think I knew exactly what I wanted but now I don't know anymore.
Tired if it. Something's gotta give.
Loved HUGO in 3D! Now I want to get the book....
I was bad. Very bad. All the Doctor Who/Torchwood dolls yesterday and an Ellowyne and Mallymkun the Mouse.
I can;t find it o3o
Education is not development i
I admit that I'm still amused by the fact that Slender Man is a random monster in Minecraft.
time to start trimming back the nosehairs
Looking for writers/lyricists willing to collaborate for choral compositions
Headed to the #VMAs with a few of the people who are going to be presenting tonight! Get ready for a great show!(:
how about utilizing tebow as a running back.. we could use one of those
Tonite doors @ 6pm Phone Calls from Home, Rookie of the Year, Samantha Darnell, Men of Leisure and 4th Quarter Comeback at Canal Club
Tebow does it again! Im now 3-1 for the week not bad ;)
Lost playing hostage!
omg thanks that's really nice<3<3
No one can fill 4min better than you
Yeah me too. Lol RT : I know it was bothering me lol
my pleasure
I thought all Canucks were like that?
naw you scooped that hoe, cuz I left it down stairs an wasn't there when I left. So I got ya now nigga.
#np Turn To You
I gotta possible gig for u, wussup Moe!?
I wanna be someones superhero. <3
Issue number 14.16 has just hit the printing press. We got it out early, kids will be happy tonight.
Cholesterol and Fat.
I hate the noise of my alarm. It just reminds me that I have to get up just to spend the day at school with people I hate.
Thanks ! I thought of favor you could do for me after all. Could you pick up that book from Urban Outfitters?
Love this quote I just read (unattributed): "Without data, you're just another person with an opinion."
Happy anniversary to and !
time for some major #pillowlove i'm so exhausted and stressed
bedtime story?
When people fear the alternatives less than they fear maintaining the status quo, then you are poised to win. What can you do to educate?
Rest sweet Elizabeth you were so tireless in life and humanity its your time to be peaceful. We are so thankful for you.
yes, because the '.jpgjpg.jpg' was needed in case I had no idea what the file type was. Jeez, some people....
My favorite post partum exercise was swimming and pool exercise with baby...
Wow! Thanks so much for the follow. Ps hope to have live shots of you performing live in PA this week posted
take as many classes as you can. Research online and find some acting workshops in your city.
Sherlock! It's so good it almost makes up for only 3 eps per season. Almost.
cause I rather release the final product full of dope music, instead of little bits and pieces lol
Go Whitewater D I champs?
Adele - Make you feel my love ❤
if ya mean the gangster he died of a heart attack..age killed him, not bullets...
I like you. <3
Never let the Legend grow bigger than the man.
Picking up at DFW
There is enough time to update social media pages but not me.
Sometimes I think the chance for love has passed me by...
IF U WANT MORE FOLLOWERS GO FOLLOW & xD
Seize the throne! Seize the mantle!
that's good stuff
Yet it seems like whenever I need an actual big box, I can never find one
Am I the only one who thinks this sounds messed up? comes to Miami oftenly and I haven't met him o.O
count your blessings, not your problems.
Thanks so much. Just took care of it (hopefully)
At what age do you think you should start stop saying HATERS, I say 18.
As consumers of online content, are you more willing to trust a business with a well produced marketing/promo video?
Tilford got hollered at on our walk. I wish I could say this is the first time this has happened.
Thanks so much for the RT again! We really want anyone moving in Chicago to have the chance to win!
is gonna be at Savoy tomorrow night...Never been there...but I might have to check it out now!
Glad the dog is finally resting. If this is "before the storm" I hate to see what's gonna happen tonight at the peak. Yikes.
HIBF2012 is proud to support local eateries too! Come check out , , and ! April 14
you so sexy
Today's the day!!!
Mute? Was Dick Vitale on broadcast? RT : Was watching on mute... What's wrong w Bosh?
I'm agog.
Coming up..7 art fairs in 3 days...so much to see so little time...
happy bday follow me
Goal 'o the week is to better understand near field communication and the potential for use in public library settings. Talk to me books.
Micah says the #Vikings horn sounds "creepy"
I fux with lil wayne. Idgaf what yall say carter 4 was dope. I just hated the bonus tracks except for mirror ft. Bruno mars thats dope.
“I can barely conceive of a type of beauty in which there is no Melancholy.”—Charles Baudelaire
feeling the fragility of life. love to all who are moving on.
It's because 1023's guy is on NFL Network
a best tweet ever
"There is nothing worse than aggressive stupidity." Ha! It's Monday! Wake up! Voodoo
Off shopping for Jan bargains #clearance aisle rocks
Rob "The Piece" Scuderi about to get another ring?
I'm using Diana's old lady hair tie lmaoo 😂
you deserve it!
HUGH. GIVE ME A CALL SOMETIME OK
Totally thought I already was! Must've been Agatha or Sam
”I will spend my last dying breath if I need to, and I will spend every penny of Apple’s $40B in the bank, to right this wrong,” Steve Jobs
Officially done with ! Mad that was sent home but now ? IDK anymore.... Go !
oh girl!! What happened lol
I'm boycotting Brussel Sprouts till the Pirates get back into .500 territory! Then again, I never did eat a lot of those things anyway...
Call my grandma and btw we wont be here thursday. We will be in Queens.
why is the library so FREAKING busy today? not that i am complaining!
#askTaylor Have you ever prank ? If so what have you done?
One day soon I'm gonna be up there totally shredding the mountain with you :)
Major congrats! I've heard that Pittsburgh is a fun, gay city.
Happy Birthday to my nephew Damian! You're growing up too fast. I love you D!
Wow Great quote it can reach deep into the soul.
MIAMI - Treat yourself to Albita at Hoy Como Ayer Saturday, December 17th.
hey whats up have a good time today
#ACRL Committee application done. #NMRT Committee application done.
i hate it when your cat wakes you up and you cant go back to sleep.
The vow without him.. But its okay, im watching it with my homieeeeeeee, (;
lol you suck at returning calls smh
They're not worth dealing with the other ones. :p
haha i just dissed this dude on im (:
was incredible. Everyone was phenom & had a great time. So happy4 Knocked it out the park!
It's cool, Fredrick & Whitney bandaged me up good!
Thanks for the mention, RT : #FF Places That Fuel Lyrics:
have so many emails in my inbox flagged as To Do items that the whole left column looks red. brb curled in a fetal position under my desk.
400! Wow. Awesome. Ms Conaway is number 400!!! Thanks.
Nice work on the CSS3 tree by the way! :)
Ran into a girlfriend at Cafe Maude who also did boot camp this morning...happy to see we were both still standing strong tonight. ;-)
Birds chirping and sunshine this morning and a high of 78 today! Still can't believe its only March. Ohio weather is #Crazy!
hello and good morning... come back NY soon
its beautiful! ;) youre a very talented artist!
“: Frank Haith with the slow "We will destroy everyone" clap.”
Are we falling or flying?
Fuck! I cant sleep and its all because #youreonmymind smh
I think toto (terry) is baileys guardian angel. I have left a bowl of food out for her every night on Halloween. Nothing is a coincidence.
So December 7th NABJ will be asking a question referring to the chapter first person to RT and answer wins a AMAZING prize !!!
Lesson #67: And now we know why the student hairstylists are so much cheaper. Lesson learned.
Yes they shook it RT Don't Tell Mom The Babysitters Dead is 1 of my fav movies
You are awesome on the show tonight. Love your calm confidence!
nice well keep it up maybe someday our crew will be on stage performing with you lol
i miss ya to opie! hurry up and get back!
You light up my world like nobody else(:
RT : RT : Dog the bounty hunter retweet and take over Twitter. Come on everyone.
Love this! RT : 471 athletes will win gold in London. 4,200 people's dreams will come true.1 world will come together
I think I'm finally over my obsession with social media check-ins and the like. I feel so free.
Hi Aaron. Thank you. Please contact us for details.
True or false: anyone who wants to have LASIK is a candidate.
Filming for a short I'm in tonight. New Moon on Thursday. Friday seeing Dusk, and Saturday seeing Lonestar. This week = awesome.
"Grace be to you and peace from God the Father, and from our Lord Jesus Christ...to whom be glory for ever and ever."~Galatians 1:3-5
Twitter: Letting people know how you feel one hashtag at a time
people dont understand that theirs people who live in Vegas,& that its not great.
I missed Hart's hr while artistically interpreting the #Brewers performance on a porcelain palette.
Tonight at the boro gallery, beautiful belly dancers, bagpipers and Spanish guitar. Snacks and drinks. 5-9 317 gold St downtown.
wish I coulda hung out longer. You have a beautiful family and it was great to hear everything is going well.
Who is ready to say Happy Birthday to Pure Nightclub with me tonight #Tuesday!
Few people are made for independence; it's the privilege of the powerful. - Nietzsche
“: For the last ten years of his life, my father wore pajama bottoms everywhere.” he went college freshman on life
Meeting now! Discussing the future ALEC protest in New Orleans on August 5th!
Simon the Super 8 is taking much longer than expected to get fixed. I WANNA MAKE MOVIES!.
So ready for this concert.
I'm running Windows 7 in VirtualBox in Windows 7 to run IIS. Is this the matrix?
“One way to get the most out of life is to look upon it as an adventure.” - William Feather
same here
Keep up with what’s going on in sports by following
You had me at "officials respond to e-mails" RT : need more reasons to write about Hawaii. Officials respond to emails with "Aloha!"
Owwww SO HYPE
Frat daddy #fratsnap as he got on the bus
real friends will alwayz b by ur side, even at times u tell them 2 leave
My new single "Life Not Typical" was on the "Most Added" list on the Billboard chart this week - say yea with me!
that's laughable
your not important.? your fucking clueless.
Good night yall
goosssshhhh. this week is gonna go by SO slow.
You always find a way to ruin things
Heading to Louisville to hang with and the rest of the fam
I just swallowed a diet coke the wrong way and coughed for three and half minutes.
I thought the three proud words were "Designed in California."
I used to love taking that direct from John Wayne, your customer service was amazing :)
Welcome gurl.. going to the concert...yaaaay RT : I'm here with in Atlanta!!!
We've Reached A Climax
I'm going back to DODGE
send where to send the gift card and we'll get it to you!
Nov. 18th. Melrose Pub. Fireball Friday. In conjunction with
And! What r we chopped liver? Lol I'm being difficult just miss my sister. Tell everyone hi 4 us in Sipp. Luv ya!
I need a TARDIS. :(
coupon code for today. "FREEDESK" because we got one. $11 off
Anyone been to the Amblin screening room on the Universal lot? I haven't, and I'm wondering if there are any cool sights along the way.
it was the best concert ever :) I was so jealous of the one less lonely girl haha :) xx
Walking to the symphony and it's still light out. #heyspring. Also, some weird modelling shoot at Doug sahm hill
Hey--there will be a podcast, but it will be posted tomorrow. Computers in the shop & I'll be using tablet. Thx 4 patience!-gp
waiting for it to be an acceptable time to go to sleep.
follow and tell her i sent yu please!
Tha weirdest thing! I keep thinking bout the Madison love story and I realized that tha story is just like my love life o.O
Sabres!!!! Come on boys you can do it:)
Youre very welcome. Really enjoyed reading your article.
Yes…I understand that. I look forward to next year.
seems first of the battlefield finalists solving a problem.
That would be *live* music... But I'm sure you knew that...
who else would it be? Haha
So now I'm supposed to put all this shit away?
should we start a killing spree?
Not sure how I missed that I'm supposed to usher Sunday night. That will need to be rescheduled.
#20ThingsAboutMe 14. I have a cat whose older than my son, her name is Stinker!!
I am so fucked
never swag on the field lol
Only the losers win they've got nothing to prove they'll leave the world with nothing to prove.
Hopefully it wasn't to badd so later the people that were envolved, Can look back on it and Gett JUICED UP with Meech Dogg on youtube.
Does the tight, slicked back hair ever give you a headache?
Three Health Benefits of Kayaking: Just a Few of the Reasons to Look into This Fun Sport
I'll tell ya, if I didn't report and dismiss all the Porn spammers on here, I'd have 10,000 followers and a great virtual sex life
ill be in Miami Friday morning till Sunday. Meet Up? Email me a cell #
Awww! Thank you:)
That Relationship that you have w/ your brother or sister >
My Daddy gave me a Name, and then he Walked Away.
Thanks for the follows !
lol yep hate mis typing and not noticing it. thanks
Even more reason to rain on their parade #beatla RT : Lakers all packed and ready to fly to okc....hm
MEE TOO! my mom put in all the information before we got the tickets.. so we clicked "Buy Tickets" and we like had them.
I can’t change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination. - Jimmy Dean
McDonalds then bball training at collegiate
you only have a few class periods left with kassen. I have him every Tuesday until I graduate-.-
oh no! You caught me. #WorldsWorstSubtweeter haha :)
Final destination 5 tonight with & hannah (:
At the Wic office get Matt milks
The need is to save over 300 thousand teaching jobs ~ VP Joe Biden
Congrats Kings Speech!
just returned from an e-government workshop and clearly pondering e-gov services
Thug Wade speaks from the heart. Whenever someone says, "I'm not a dirty player." they're lying like a dirty dog!
Thanks for the helpful chat.
Oops, spoke too soon, a couple people left in the corner.
Thanks for the follow, and thanks for making me get up 3 hours early every weekday just to get my news from you!
This 70 degree weather is messing with me. I've got Cedar fever &Spring fever at the same time. Makes for a crappy day to work either way.
*tries to read mind* ;-)
I love that I keep getting spammed from #WalMart-- gives me another reason to add to the giant list of why I'll never shop there again.
Get free shipping off ALL orders placed thru the end of February...use coupon code "FEBFREESHIP"
-walks off with keys in hand -
: my initial Q was less "why is FB popular?"…
Michelle you are awesome, so cute and funny, bye now!
Humor can alter any situation and help us cope at the very instant we are laughing
same for me! Growing up in the country cultivated a huge imagination. ...those were the days, huh?
: my life lacks sparkles without you in it T_T
#FunFact- Babies are born without kneecaps
Yep. Hence why I reported it!
I'll always love you, but right now i'm just not ready, i need to know , that you'll wait for me <3
I'mma burn the motherfucker down!
#erl12 data model for GOkb must match reality and will be based on acquisition method as opposed to single bibliographic record
What is that feeling on my skin? Oh, wait! That's the sun!
It is officially impossible to tackle a QB in the
AH, UFC. I FORGOT.
You say 's gay yet 19 million girl's want his dick..so therefore your point is invalid :)
we had looked, but I thought it was going to be summer b4 he might actually do it, so I was totally shocked.
Wearing my red scrunchee to the beach. Life is good
So apparently, if you look up my house on navigation it doesn't exist ;D
Stop being a HATER! Christopher
congrats! RT : I JUST GOT THE FULL SCHOLARSHIP TO USC OH MY GOD
mine to!
installing dev software on Ubuntu...is it really this easy? wow
Tomorrow: July 23rd Red Bull King of the Rock Qualifier - Miami
Yes rain rain till we flood half the city thankfully im uphill lol
My mom posting on FaceBook about buying local, LGBT rights, and other progressive causes.
i have gomez fever i'm a girl sis!
Sproles & Brees Highlights making my morning.
To busy In the south visiting with my peeps
brown eyes are pretty(:
#Royals & #SportingKC are both in #Chicago this weekend for a series against the White Sox & a match against the Fire.
Now that U have Geronimo U MUST stop smoking. If U didn't do it for your career U have to do it for your doggie! PLEASE stop!!
not even!
Hit by a Farm: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Barn by Catherine Friend Mary F's
another #brewers win. Not used to this kind of success from the brew crew. So excited!
Dwight Howard stays in ORLANDO... For now.....
The estimated 29.6 million small businesses in the United States: Employ just over half of the country’s private sector workforce
Amen to that!!
thank you, we do not have a magazine but we do deliver to Indiana
#ronpaul is the right choice for America!
aw!! Thanks lee! That seriously ment a lot to me! Made my night! THANKYOUU:)
Hahaa! What kind of sandwhich? Did it have a..bun!? Lol!
WOW - Great win #mubb!!!!
is it really your birthday?
wayne's bringing us donuts tomorrow. goodie .
A) that sounds cool B) I would count it as one item.
She got straight #nasty on video RT : Really bro RT: #SQUIRTER OF THE YEAR GOES IN APPEARANCE :-)
Awesome! Where did you find a place?
It's #nationalkissingday! I think this is a good time for me to check out the dating chat room on Parlor.fm...
I'm actually kind of excited for my run tomorrow. I have new shoes, socks and insoles!
happy birthday!
Any ideas on when it will be released? Hope its soon =)
Chris Bosh is far from being irreplaceable. He is only a role player with a big name.
we tried last year and it was awful. 2 hours to get a cab!
No Challenge to Great, No Mission to Hard
“: thank u so much! <3”your welcome
Acheived my goal today. Played 18 holes in under 90 minutes at at the #speedgolf Challenge
guilty as tweeted! and I never learn!
snow + bicycle + #wiwo rehearsal = Adventure!
prostitution? wait can i join? hold up. i know a store that sells strip poles
Each half-day event will be capped off with terrific networking and cocktails
Marking which keys go to which cabinets in my office with Lisa Frank stickers.
Just raced a kid to the bus stop and won! Yes I was driving and he was running and I'm a grown-up. So what?!
“: I ain't go say nun!!!”we gotta lot of homework to do.
hahahhahahah pretty obvious that something like that would happen lol :P you and your friends are crazy hahahaha
Each #Thanksgiving, Americans eat some 700 million pounds of turkey, or almost 50 million turkeys.
Cheryl Metoyer tells me about the various iSchool research topics including: Indigenous tribal communities in the US, (1/2)
Wake me up when they come out with a new season of family guy.
to each their own I guess. I need a stability show so the barefoot trend doesn't work for me.
I love you Luke Kotarides #10 good job
The #W in #HollywoodAtNight is happening tonight...
Oh hell yea my favorite #Boondocks episode is on
follow back? Louis my fave too:)
#englishbeat Great show Tons of YouTube vids to come!
I love grocery shopping with my momma 😘❤
"I never dreamed I would be having this much fun. I imagined something much less elusive, much more mundane."Lee Friedlander on
it's *whines for one. And two, no I would not like to get up at 4:30 thank you
It's a weird fad, you're not missing out
It's Opening Day in Baltimore!
bored out of my mind and my room is so hot -.-
i just wanna be relevant
OPEN CALL
"I'm not a cheer whore" -- BRING IT ON 3: ALL OR NOTHING
Pastor Luz Santiago: stores are empty, town desolate b/c of sb1070
do employers realize that they can no longer "block" social networks in the age of smart phones? can't control network access anymore.
Damn Rampage...I really wanted u to win...youre 1 of my favs of all time...but gotta give Bader his props. Good fight
excellent. Just let me know when. I think there will be PLENTY to discuss!
at penn brew u 2012. i might be an alcoholic.
I hope I get the hook up on tix as a member at the worx, never been, but for you HELL YEAH. DENVERS IT, YOU KNOW!
I think I usually am, except where V is concerned.
I can do ANYTHING! Except fold a fitted sheet, I'll never be able to do that.
Good luck to my cousin Holmes Laughon and his Lacrosse Team tonight
I don't care what you had for lunch.
Tonight in not my night, heading to bed soon. <3 y'all!
it works both was sweetie.
House basketball competition and pizza? Yes, please!
Dude! Where did he come from? I'm a real fan today. Mad hustle points....
Twice I've had to show irate patrons the program they want isn't here because THEY didn't read the announcement carefully.
Good to hear from you! Looking forward to your posts
thanks for RT- hope you are great
This shit is crazy. Terrorists in Chicago nshit.
PREACH. “: Too much to buy & not enough money!! :((”
Actions speak louder than words, so sometimes you just have to believe what you see & forget what you hear.
So does everyone else RT : I deserve the best ... Im a good person
#MADDENNFL13 Soundtrack created by Colin O'Malley, unique soundtrack for every menu. No more EA Trax, good way to save on licensing?
just seid I would make my bf a sandwich after sex...whats happend to me?.
I am still working out some of the bugs. But I am a diehard it has gotten to be a challenge. Tweet! Back
Done with my homework before 345..abnormal
Cool. Just checking I didn't piss you off or something.
“: You had some of the best times you'll never remember with me, alcohol. #BradPaisley” 😃😃😃😃
Proud to be an Oklahoman right now. #ThunderUp!
Show at tremont music hall start at 8 !!! Come out and support Charlotte!!!!
I WILL BLOW SHIT UP IF YOU DO
Nike factory/ store <3 I am so excited to go!  get me some  for muh birthday! 
Perhaps the installation will finish soon?
“: The average winery vineyard holding in BC is 29 acres #BCWine #BC” Interesting. I'm curious to know the ave price / acre.
I'm crying
ignore that! i have to repost it hahaha
#naeh12 Need better info and data @ nat'l level to build public will to do s'thing about
I hate that! RT: My TL Not Loading
Axis wins an Hermes Creative Award for our work on web video
247 Single Downloads (itunes) 108 Album Downloads (itunes) Not bad for 48 hours! Let's keep it coming! Thanku 2 all my fans and supporters
From "no need to try to one up" another's content if there's already great stuff out there about your school
"Unlimited Plan...no disputes about calls not connecting or dropped calls or any other reason to call customer service."
ps..shouldn't you be sleeping? or getting a degree somewhere?
“: "Single" and "In A Relationship" are just terms, your actions determine your status...”
I'm waiting for everybody to check out my music at www.myspace.com/peacequest1935 and let me know what they think.
Stand corrected.
ha! i was trying to think of a clever euphemism, but all i got is, "scared money don't make no money"...
he tweeted he was gonna be watching and he was there rehearsing for next week
Driving on the wrong side of Richmond road
Imagine: Ur ln the bed with Mikey and he screams "BABY GIMME MORREE!"
shit just mixing down music. What's good by you?
yay! Courtney this is a perfect activity for our new "girls night" lifestyle
well hey I'm sam. Now u know me
Time for bed. Loving my new toys from Amazon delivery. Hope for good day tomorrow!
Thad Young just learned what happens when you drive past Kevin Garnett. Michael Gearon throws a tray table across his living room.
Early flight out to New Mexico.
#500thtweet shout out goes to my boys
no problem
Whew! Mayor cancelled his meeting with me tomorrow. I'm not sure I could even spit out one sentence to him right now I'm so damn mad.
So effing tired!!
Oh, I post so much more to private circles--you're seeing the public persona ;) I like that you can post private, also add art.
Our Album Is #Mixed and #Mastered by: KP for Trackwriterz Studios Atlanta, GA.
The Foursquare app is featured on CNN's homepage right now.
I feel terrible for you. Getting paid to watch games & design sports pages? It's not like you'd do that for free or anything.
awesome! Yeah you must visit New Jersey! :) Jennette is so close to me but I can't visit her! :(
Packed My Bags.... the yaaaaaaas. But idk what else lol you tell me
ManU Report: Brazil dismisses problem with stadium construction (The Associated Press)
(c) hates u cuz u have ADHD which makes u hyper and annoying
ain't it the truth.
<----no regrets
Just started watching the series #thewalkingdead and ya its sad, and creepy haha :D
are you good at doing imagine tweets??
Happy to have Jamie back home after doing search and rescue in West Liberty. Looking at pictures he took and it is truly unbelievable.
Sober nights in Canton are brutal! I promised a bro night to so rally up boys
Actually what you said make a lot of sense for an ethnographer. I like the idea of catching video of people "in the moment".
Enough running it on first down it's not working
Lots and lots of #Orioles hats and shirts down at the #BGP2011. Representin!!!
waiting for you to follow me or tweet me, how about you?:)x
#MDSParentLectureSeries "there is no such thing as a self reliant kid without suffering"
If you're in Toronto don't miss the Jack Chambers show at the SO SO good!
The best hope is that the Gulf of Mexico oil spill will be the “Sputnik” for U.S. leadership in alternative and renewable energies.
of them
u kno I enjoy spending time wit you'll every tome you'll come dwn
have incentive and proof to be able to track the person down for deformation of character. My uncle who's a police officer is
Surely if enough fans scream at the ref after a replay of the disallowed goal he'll give it back! He simply must!
you don't want to see dkr?
I'm pondering our next worldly adventure... I'm thinking London > Somewhere in Scandinavia > Munich > Salzburg > Barcelona? Suggestions?
I often find myself playing improv games by myself-talking outloud,walking down the street-this is normal right?
Missed the gym today....that makes 20 years in a row....
The Torah is the way of life for all Jews and as a Messianic Judaism, the observing of the Torah is of prime importance (which is observed w
#20ThingsAboutMe I can be a very patient person, but don't Piss me off.
Socks and post-it notes :/ RT : i think my room eats socks and wife beaters...
Sponsor Sen. Evie Hudak pushing back against King amdmt to discipline bill.
at desk, within arms reach: ThinkPad Edge, iPad2, Asus Transformer (Android tablet), HTC Inspire (Android phone), iPod Touch, Chumby, coffee
The jambalaya's ready! Right on time!
Planning Bitter Sober's next music video for TRBT....stay tuned!
Dr Howard
making heavy moves my man.
If I didn't do well on my math test, I have to go to SUMMER SCHOOL!!! NO
Comedy just pokes at problems, rarely confronts them squarely
Can't sleep
so bored but I don't really want to go out. this heat is making me lazier than I already am. and it's making me sleepy too. what to do /:
Just taped some breaks on KPBS-TV children's programming....Stay tuned...
Had a great meeting with Whether you love to paint or never have, you need to check them out
You have to wonder if he'd ever have had the idea if not for Lisp.
Love #MNF playing a little Grateful Dead heading out of the commercial break live from Candlestick.
yeah i know right!!!!!! so not really excited.........lol
There's only one day of the week when I don't have dance - Saturday. And yet I still do barre at home on those days.
Republican-Independent Billionaire Nyc Mayor Bloomberg Plan to Closed Down Public School to Make More Private Schools for Profit.
ohh, and its always a case of luck when you search PCHs search engine. They have the results show up that a lot of others dont.
I live really close to APU it's right Behind taco bell :)
Don't hold back all your enthusiasm lol!
i miss my twitter friends .
Some of us wondering how VIVO mgmt might change if there were a complete PubMed VIVO (or other linked data) instance.
don't abuse your monopoly on Capitol Hill East. Extreme lines at 7:30 pm on Saturday is a bit much. It's becoming common.
We can look back at our past decisions with compassion for ourselves, realize they were mis-takes of the situation, and embrace the lesson.
it is tasty tasty!
Working hard on the UNAI film!
Stealin' a break when I can....
ur from Michigan??? Me too ! No wonder I like you so much. Fun 2 c u !
got you on the followback - thanks!
Me gots to stay inside today where its safe or I will just #burn #baby #burn! #Chi...#2hot2handle!
man. That cow ain't gotta dick tho!
This wednesday coming up is the 1st Wednesday so it's time for #TheTeachersLounge a Teachers appreciation #HappyHour #teachers RT RT
and my stubbornness is reverse, I do it even when I know DAMN well I shouldn't! My damn pride always wins..
How are ya?
What do you call it when a doctor records the wrong blood type? Blood Type-O!
I got a contact request but don't remember who it was this morning.
Why do people tweet the same note over and over again? I read it the first time.
Did you ever watch the show Secret Circle? Did you get to Dark Shadows yet? What did you think of both?
I'm not South Beach, I'm not Hollywood. I am on to the 2nd round.
I hope my baby has a good day today <3
um she will know anyway obviously bcuz it's on camera like its whatever
#justinthanksfor being extremely sexy when you dougie.
I might of over did it today. I feel like shiiiiiit. Same thing tomorrow, rinse and repeat.
What are you reading? We need a book that is that intriguing!
oh wow Zoobrew2012 sounds fun. I may just have to buy a ticket...
first goal was offsides...the second, well....
I have come to terms with the fact that I will never be a size 0
I saw her speak last year, I really enjoyed it!
idk! its so stressful !
The plan came together like "chaffers"!
bad tornadoes today. sheltered in the stairwell so I'm a little dusty, but otherwise fine :) hoping the rest of dallas fared as well.
Can he really? I thought he couldn't play SS that well if I heard right.
GUYS PLEASE HELP TREND #PRAYFORJACKSON. IT WOULD MEAN A LOT. can we get to see?
nah i wuz u juss all the time or to much
Time to start this econ & laundry .
This new adventure is bringing my inspiration back!! Yes, I'm in love!
need some #freaky texts right about now lol
These ideas of my nightmare
Nm just thinking if Justin will ever even read the DMs I send him
Woo ALEX IS AMAZING is only 5th away from the top!! Make it first!!!!
I've been through TSA security 3 times today! In PDX airport ask for Manuel- strong yet supple hands, he'll treat you right.
Its a thin line between real and fake ... and that line so thin you got people crossing over
Back in Nova. Thanks Inessa and Shannon for suc ...
RT : This is HUGE! ? RT Responding to reader input, we are changing Web site to website. /finally
Could you please send an email to info (at) studyblue (dot) com with more details? We'll get to the bottom of it.
Congrats......looking forward to my first bottle....
yep, I did email them, just because I really like their stuff, but I think in most cases, I would get turned off and not come back
enjoy it while it lasts, m'dear!
BOYS:If you call a girl fat, shes gonna spend the rest of her life starving herself #Words Hurt
you gonna be able to make it on time?
Happy Fourth to you Ms. Oneal...hope you had a nice weekend : )
To get to retweet or comment on one of my tweets would actually make this spring break something to remember.!<3
By the time you read this I will have assassinated everyone alive who makes toilet paper nests on public toilets and doesnt flush them after
1) It's FRIDAY 2) I get off early today due to a server upgrade and 3) There's a groupon for a $40 1-hour massage. Might be the
Looking for some vBulletin developers. DM me!
Happy Thanksgiving! Feeling very fortunate with so much to be thankful for. Happy day to all!
Have a very fine evening to all the tweety birds in the universe.
Take out the trash & use remember the BLUE bag
Hope everyone is having a great Arbor Day!
oops! i meant need to take a break! looking at my monitor for too long. fire event wld be great!
Seattle Post: 'Holiday in Oakland' an old-school hiphop beat, a melody that really sings, & a rap of Oakland musical legends, spirited move
“: Duck fans chanting "This is our house" as game nears the end”...they still have to go back to OR. #DUIpatrol on I-5 S I hope
Just spent a solid 15 minutes reading #weliveinaworldwhere I'll second your feelings of surprise.
Must say the humidity now is no worse than it was at 4am when I was outside because the fire alarm went off. Right.
#PeopleIWantToMeet anyone who wants to meet me :)
Hoping to be one of ReverbNation's nominees for New Music Seminar's Artists on the Verge Project 2012"! Post on their wall to request SMARTS
Roll wit it
That is so awesome Kristin, thanks for sharing! (I want to read it when it's done!)
Cloudy days should be for getting work done, but rain makes me sleepy... any good suggestions for a good caffeine buzz that's not too harsh?
or both?
The days of digging into a site to find media are over
he's a really good guy, so there's that...
Who's the goofball that didn't wear a jacket today? This guy.
CAN'T CONTAIN MY CREYS HAHAHAH
A4: Willingness to collaborate with others outside newsroom, including other news orgs, institutions and foundations.
bout to get weird in Scottsdale tonite
Not feeling great & tomorrow looks cold & damp. I think I'll pass on the ride to Nyack. Sorry. Still want to do it soon tho.
haha that would be so funny!
gotta love Florida bipolarness
#winechat is a great example of one of those!
Breakfast has been served at #rhokmke. Tired folks eagerly getting nourishment...and caffeine.
rocks at
Celebrate Ralf 8th bday tonight (his bday was yesterday) at the Milwaukee Ale House
Hey whats your email?
Happy Born Day homie!
I'm just gonna go in hibernation till like 2036
Finally started reading "Daemon".
Thanks for the kinda words they really help :) RT : yu will be ok jus keep ya head up and keep doin wat yu do
25 more day until foster the people :D
i wish u would follow me
I'm uber excited for the second week :D Yes..I did say 'uber' xD
...has a preexisting condition that makes health insurance companies deny him. Obamacare would help that.
It was fun meeting you too! I'm working on a blog post right now. I'll send you a linky. #theremaybebirdpoop ;-)
Hahaha.....It's about time he found out about our relationship XD
The buzz is #AgentCoulson will be back in #Avengers 2 as #Vision. Yay or nay?
Can't wait to find clip of Phillip Phillips playing "the stone"...perfect dmb gem to bring to mainstream crowd that is American Idol
happy birthday Heather!! Tarell better take you out to a nice restaurant :p
I failed at my attempt but got a real good chuckle despite the fact that he didn't fall for the my Thule getting ripped off my...
MAC MILLER @ MY SKOOL THIS WEEKEND...PSYCHED!....Yea right youd have to pay me just as much as him to get in that gym..
Is a new home smell comparable to a new car smell? I get excited all the same.
that helps me relax and get calmer and eventually fall asleep xD i like that feeling
There's actually someone with the last name "Wienerhole" bahahahahaha
my bff ily man
I will! My knuckles are all fucked up :l blehhhh
Ok, sounds good. I will tweet you when I get close to ATL, and we can meet up there.
in need of a good blackhead/face cleanser scrub, suggestions?
Cedar waxwings in the apple tree outside my office window.
So busy;never have time 4 this anymore. Hello everybody #Blessed 2 b up & gettin ready 2 clean my tank. I know my fish yelling at me lol
lemme know which ones you want and sizes homie
Join me at Doc's Gourmet Cafe & Soup Bar in downtown Philly on November 18 noon to 7 PM.
HELL YEA I DID TOMAS! brittany was the shit back in High school sir lmaoo dont even front
Conrgats, Austin! Saw that quote last night- inspired me as well.
The rest in commentary.
NWST: #Mariners Reax with and #Blazers for sale? responds to rumors + Snag w/ #Kings new Arena
who wants to eat TWO subs at 9 am :(
loll, you just tweeted a number from your account :P
Thanks for the follow, we love Da Silvano & your awesome Tuscan dishes!
hey bro check your dms when u can
Weekend is almost here!! Get to watch some girls beat each other lol!!
An optimist stays up until midnight to see the new year in. A pessimist stays up to make sure the old year leaves. -- Bill Vaughn
looking forward to SAVVY this week!
MT Join us @ 11 this a.m. for the groundbreaking of the new - in Station North at Barclay and Oliver
What's good twitter world....please checkout my Music Page @ www.reverbnation.com/bezzy2012 ***Peace God***
I am wondering what the criteria is to be apart of One Million Moms. I have misdirected rage, too! Do fur babies count?
LMAO HELL YES!!!(:
"You get everything you want, and you still had to do this."
They say two wrongs won't make it right but it's suiting me just fine
My #SeniorShift is mostly Funk and Old School
yeah i gotchaa
Mucho love RT : don't go boo :( come back soon ❤
The Ex Race (n.): a race after you break up to be the first one to find someone new and be happy - first one to find someone wins.
A Few Issues are Delaying Us From Going LIVE... We Will Do Our Best To Keep You Updated...!
Indiana giving Miami the business
follow me back please<33
Our daughter's uncle brought over a VCR tape of her when she was little. Now I have to find out who can convert it to DVD.
Enjoying all the great food for the #Tasteofspring food festival.
dear earth, hope u feel better soon.
What's up with everyone today? :) rebelriotpromotions.webs.com
It gonna be alone
I'm a huge fan pls follow me... I love your music...
Your Dad sounded like an awesome and fun guy. Hope that time with family in Ohio has been as good as can be.
cant wait to go to skool to see all my friends...the learing part of skool NO!!!!
Tartuffe,Barefoot in the Park,The Last of the Red Hot Lovers, & read plays by GeorgeBernardShaw & OscarWilde
I can now say-I've Read the Entire Bible! I also C that God sent Jesus 2 save God from Us as much as He sent Jesus to save Us from We!
Congrats on finishing. Where are you going to teach?
I was really busy this week. what about you folks?
Is about to do some homework
JSCre8tions , create a memory not a dream ! THE BRAND COMING SOON!! #FREE your mind now
Lovely to be on bike today in 70 sunny degrees
hey umm what type of info you need me to give you for my prize.
you can pick them up at any point today. The east box office is open right now.
10 miler this morning. 45 degrees and a slight mist.
I miss you😒
We are here in LOT 13 with our grill and green beer! So come on down, the rain has finally stopped!
You fucking douche. You just proved that all guys are douches. Bye.
Hello - what can we help you with?
30 minutes till new !! Monday's aren't so bad!
So excited!! RT Skipping breakfast in favor of lunch at Aldea today...
It was a great show! I wish you coulda been there!!!
IT'S SPURS time!
now that, I can do!
And yet that cloud bloomed only for a minute
I trust your now 's new stunt man. I'll have to get full report from you.
my favorite color is red, but it all depends!
Love this question asks: "how do you put out content that's social by design?" Goal: to always start convos via
U seem practical + level headed it feels like frenzyfriday to me nuf said! Have a great wk-end + my best to u
“: Youll be prime contenders for our Man of the Year Contest..” we will see you there!!!!!
That time in life when you didn't get one request all night! And Shit was epic
how u Mel, miss ya. Have a great day to u and your love ones, stay positive as always bless
One of the BEST Handcrafted Acoustic Guitars I have ever played www.sullivanguitars.com
congrats on opportunity. Looking forward to your updates.
#MyBiggestFlaw my tummy :c
#SALUTE to all my #NEWFOLLOWERS you know the gurl
Can a brownie baker/actress find happiness among the twitterati? Stay tuned.
reporting that will opt out of contract with #Blazers and test free agency next season.
Watching #SunsetBlvd & reminiscing about a lot of good, bad & indifferent memories of my own.
oh good! Glad to see some people agree haha
I don't even no what time it starts
Growing up & living around Dallas, I don't remember the weather being as crazy & unpredictable as it has been the past 4 years.
funniest man in the
Blog importer now fully working with all versions of Atom and RSS.
Don't tell but I had dessert at Pele's lunch today. Zeppole (like donut holes only better) with awesome sauces.
Yes you do, this stuff only happens in
YUP. “: Stupid conversations make sense when you are talking to someone special.”
Our "Own" wisdom isn't enough to make it in this life. We need the Holy Spirit 2 guide us into ALL truth.
When pb doesnt know when to use the heat or the a/c <<<<<
I hope I get my android back today! *crosses fingers*
Don't call it a comeback. RT : Contact lenses w/AR syncing w/ Foursquare/Facebook/Twitter. I'd like pagers to make a comeback.
"Its the snapshot of a state of mind where 1 mountain has been climbed&theres more in the distance.But for right now, the view is beautiful"
Wow. Edgar Winter just won an
Kay seriously this day needs to be over .
Do you think a security system is essential to your home's security?
We are in common agreement, as a society, that using your baby's stroller to stop subway doors from closing is frowned upon.
Sweetbabyjesus. I resisted going to the grocery store all day but forced myself. I now see my instinct was right. Fools out en masse
SexTips: suck his balls softly while u jack him off : SUCH A TURN ON
Pissed going to sleep now
We are
I think his birthdays today...
if you had to start your musical taste all over again with no memories of your past, that's what you should listen to now. end nostalgia
Getting ready for church
Fashion Inc. says "Too tight is not always right!"
High expectations are the key to everything
You'd look like a tweet jacker anyway. That is old
you were nervous? Lmao.
Happy I saw this:)..mm:)................ "In his house at R'lyeh dead Cthulhu waits dreaming" nice
hey E Z on the eyes :) how yo day been?
HOW THE SHOW TURN OUT?
Ask yourself what elements the reporter will need to tell the story. Don't send all over town, bring it all to one location.
i wuz watching jerry springer and this guy looked like the big o
75% off casino style poker chip sets! www.eproducts4less.com
thanks :D so what's up?
Good comment. Thanks for weighing in!
true. They paying him way too much
very pretty.
I wish Milwaukee had cash cab.
Nice! My focus was French art in the 19th and early 20th century. Somehow I studied abroad in Italy, though.. :)
mm no me van a dejar hacerlo
havin heart is somthin u can't ride the fence wit r fake...either u do r u don't
I'm gonna miss u today!
"my favorite movie is ratttitoui"
RT RT all presos from #gov20e will be posted to blip.tv--look for links on the gov2expo.com site OSA ppt
or Dakota's referring to the movie anchorman. Haha best movie ever. But idk!
Look at all those classic movies, "Caged Heat"...etc!
I would enjoy Internet at the library, but I guess that's too much to ask for.
Expect the worst & hope for the best
At a Japanese steakhouse for the first time ever! If that man flings shrimp at me I just might holla!!! Lol
Already a Milwaukee legend
I have no school on Monday. That means I can listen to #BOYFRIEND all day ;D <3
I have an idea-- someone should do an Adele or Gotye cover!!
Tonight! We gets busy with guest dj @ LARGE . . .
Huge rise in advertising internship interest from students.
Imagine how I felt when my Mom joined. :)
I sing Mozart and play guitar, but not at the same time.
...oh yeah I'm sleepy
Hey u did ya find ur keys? If not check the trash. Hope u find them. Let me know, just because please or I'll worry.
thanks! have a great night
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!! i made you a card.(: i miss you so much girl. its crazyy that i cant see someone ive know forever</3
I mean...I don't know about that
Like I'm not gonna rape you in the locker room dude?
happy birthday!
RT : Photos of 's exhibition at the Nevada Museum of Art now online via
Who has Skype?
Dont rush into any kind of relationship. Work on urself,experience urself, love urself. Do this first you will attract that special someone!
Cabrini Green ------ RT Someone tell me where I should live in Chcago. I have needs.
"Look at the cause, not the cure." - Brenda Baker via
goodnight twitter world:) i better be able to wake up tm. #sixflags ah!
Please DM me if you would like to volunteer to help support in her campaign. Thank you!
I got this - I work for a Fortune 100 company. Umm, works better for the giver than the recipient.
I'm glad you enjoyed it! It was a particularly good conference -- lots of takeaways. Thanks so much for coming!!!
9 weeks test start tomorrow! :(
I dont wanna make his mood worse.
JUSTIN BIEBER :O!!!!!! i looveee you <3
first impressions of some ethnographic research methods: it's going to take a lot of practice not to just feel like a creeper.
I dnt Like being around people I dnt kno!
My #ChiaSeedDiet starts tonight. Truth or myth? We will see in this
"is that an egg?" "yeah, are you allergic?" "no I'm just appalled"
I will be your friend, I will love you so DEEPLY
Some friends are taking me out to dinner for my birthday.
-- wow. I'd not seen those before. what a simply astounding performance of "Born Under Punches".
OPIUM HARD ROCK baby!!! I haven't been out in 4ever....GRANT ME MY WISH, & !
You fucking tripping.
Darn right! RT hm. actually makes me think Winfield was pretty good
MKG with two fouls already. That could hurt.
You're a little too short and ... um ... Caucasian to be confused for MJ. / cc
yes that is a big encouragement! I will need you to cheer me on throughout this process :)
lol damn.. i nvr seen that ..
Odds Thompson still drafts a C in early rounds to mentor under Saturday?
Dear , you just broke my heart. That was the single most dissatisfying ending to one of the most satisfying games ever.
“: Working on some connection demos" <-- Nice!
Pet peeves... 'Double U' not 'dubbu'. 'Of-fen' not 'off-ten'. One Hundred Twenty dollars not One Hundred and Twenty dollars. Thanks.
Congrats to former Chicago 2016 president Lori Healey who will lead #NATO-G8 efforts -
I'm eating some chicken thingy.
yeah that's fine, just don't forget :)
Crush it by All about personal branding.
we're not big #FF guys but here's one for Cuz we're big fans!
If I could call it a drink, call it a smile on the rocks
Gorgeous 1st day back in #Portland, OR - 2 more vacation days, back in office Saturday -catching up tweets/emails/CS101 homework -hike later
Pussy toaster
haha i told my dad hw to LOLing n he as like o_O haha funny moment there then he LOL with me haha
I miss you all too!
Chipper feeling better?
die homework, die.
lmao ohh man y due poeople try&argue wit me ur not gunna win LMFAO get the fuck over ur ugly self :) people make me laugh
how old do you really feel? Have you managed to keep the child inside you alive?
I guess
I'd rather see you in real life ;)
address me as your majesty Yeah you can kiss the ring, but you can never touch the crown
Haha I may not work out but am still pretty strong. Will try anything once though.
happy birthday!! (:
Drilluminati going nuts
Always be a first-rate version of yourself, instead of a second-rate version of somebody else. - Judy Garland
Back in SF after weekend of contentious bonding. Taking a minute to collect and carry on. Grateful for MY life.
Not all of us chosed the path we are on right now it might not be the best but we shape it into our destiny in a way.
So we have an exam Monday and two essay the same day that are on D2L due before 12AM ...
I swear I care about everything but these .....
Happy Birthday Glen Hansard, I love you. I can work with 42.
ICE ICE BABY!!! Cant wait to see Vanilla in concert tonight.... :)
I like my meat smoked over 12 hours
everyone play me in draw something right meow. my username is kind of hard to guess so i'll just tell you what it is. its asgriffin.
Stowe Boyd at dinner says he is "wakazoid"
looking forward to training at KMDC, 6 weeks is a long time to be out
should have a phone soon hopefully!
This is great. Thanks! How else have you found your way to good educator resources on Twitter?
Isn't it past your bedtime? (It's past mine.)
Starting the New Year at 56 years old with lots of ones--1-11-11.
Do you miss Austin?
Pump it up, waukesha, an inflatable play ground party place. Steph is beautiful, and it shows in her children.
Wake n bake
I am with ya. I think of it as hating yellow more than orange.
RT : “How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.” - Anne Frank
Salty never Hml
I found playing last year that it helped my overall awareness of the sport. I think you'll enjoy!
Nick:"Apparently I got this girl pregnant. Yeah, some girl said I was her baby daddy and I'm like, 'I am not your baby daddy!' "
Going to the #NIU vs. #Badgers game at Soldier Field! Yes :)
Making some new music!!
THANK YOU!!!
RT : Show me on the doll where other people's happy civil unions touched you, North Carolina.
Oh No ! My shitty work computer just went BSOD!!!!
My minds made up.
My art teacher just said one direction....this is better than Christmas!
RT Day 2 of American #CraftBeer Week = enjoying an Oberon from ,..Can't wait to wrap up the week at on Saturday
RT : NEW Giuliana & Bill tonight! STYLE network at 8/7c. Retweet 4 chance 2 win amaze piece of jewelry from my closet!
But you were bringing yr laptop to class, right?? I think I remember that... I didn't really take any notes at all last term...
So one game 7 down, one to go: the la floppers i mean #clippers vs #grizzlies! Go grizz!
What colour is a Giraffe?
Today VonChurch is on the hunt for Server Programmers and Java Server Programmers for a great gig in Vegas!
Charlie's Ex Brooke Mueller couldn't even try to party like her ex Charlie..Even with all that cocain ,cuz he's a total rockstar from mars!
you know when you really know that you dont know but you do know... you know?
#mythoughtsatschool when do we get out of this class?
In 20 hours I will be chester county bound! I can't wait to see my family!!
Very excited to be giving a talk on librarians and careers with the USG this evening for the fantastic career colloquia series!
#NowPlaying: #Electronic and Indie music on Skull Candy hosted by #NicoleD'Angelo
You cannot experience tomorrow, you can only anticipate it
can I get a heart too?
Seems like most Wegmans have them already. Herrema's in Irondequoit, too. Call ahead to make sure.
I suggest you all treat NATO like a Zombie outbreak.
Birute Regine on balancing feminine & masculine skills at ICFGR mtg-"soft skills are hard!"
a different finger each time or the same finger?
The rappin granny on AGT was the bomb
that really sucks, I love that place :/ hope you get feeling better soon!
omg yeah. I would freak.
Great meeting you this weekend! Looking forward to working with you.
Fake Boyfriend lyrics: "I don't like it when you talk cause that just means you're not sucking my cock."
Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 16
Where is Texas in the house?!
Hey Ro! Going really well. You are so welcome back anytime you choose. I'm still pinching myself. Let's play a round soon!
You're laying out on a bench? I'd just pick the bench up and take it with me
i didnt -.- so if im grouchy sowy i juz didnt get enough sleep
no doubt!
Praise him in advance!
thinks my niece Julie sang like an angel. She likes to go against type. The other kids sang well, too
Happy Mother's Day!!!
Applicants for the Nov 1 2011 deadline: you should have received notice by this point. Congrats to all those approved!
Just rubbed a huge spot of hair dye into my carpet.
what question????
Following us b/c you're interested in ?DM us + find out how to bring her to your #campus #university to
3rd down play calls are suspect.
Oh, is it any good? or like the same thing?
Real talk: if service was any less reliable this week, they'd be called Comcast.
We need to build individual identity for every college/university. Generic universities/colleges aren't attractive to students
Hey girl. You still working at VS?
A1: Basic levels of healthIT data exchange are vital for the long term financial success of an ACO.
Rest of the day off :) and it only noon lol
Time for TA
where I don't see him following u
funny bastard i love you still check it out seriously
Ignorance truly is bliss.
Ouch her tag's been demoted
When Your Friend Is Clearly Going After Your Ex Like You Had No History Before
RT The good news is now that he's in media capitol of the world Tebowmania can finally get the coverage it deserves.
back to work.
#ABA update: #Amara defense perspective "agree that" they didn't achieve slam dunk on #ERISA 502(a)(3)
I wonder if america could elect an hiv positive president
#BidenReplacements Bust of Churchill
Good luck today Go Wings!
Oh God, food poisoning. I think I see the white light.
To say the least... : I'm intrigued."
I didn't know Mr. Phillips, but anyone who volunteered in the name of music is alright by me. #np Here's To Life
Hey Dan! What's up? Jamile McGee Seaon 1
Hardest thing about owning a is #Mondays. Wishing I was back #incollege and could boat all week!
#ThankfulThursdayThought: my wonderfully supportive family & friends. And the great relationships I made here Bittersweet!
“: it's my favorite lol! Really hard to turn down!” Buahaha from now on never turn it down!
Back in avon! Oops, I mean "the Von"
Aww, I do know; Megasin. But I'm sure you got an answer by now.
i gotta go bob just called me and where going 2 the movies:D later twitter
OH in South MKE: "Could you write me out the www?" Took me everything not to laugh.
ash lacquer...so it's very dark and goes well with everything.
followed!(: are you from Miami?!;o <3
I live in Va Beach Virginia doing social media marketing for a few companies in Dallas TX. What collectibles do you sell?
Hahahah I think I might have an idea
Pens play the Flyers @ 7:30 while the Pirates play the Cardinals at 7:05 (ROOT). There's something to be said for bars with multiple TVs.
yes we do! Chocolicious, a too ibis and chocolate blend, and a Chocolate Oolong.
HE SAID I WAE CUTE !
Hey all! This questions is for the folks that are 40 and over. When you guys turned 40 did your body start falling apart? LOL
thanks dear, won't know if it worked until tomorrow. work schedule has been nuts, thanks again!
Thanks for the RT!
On my knees tonight...sincerest thanks for his vital service to this country!
Listening to talking about the eText initiatives at Madison. New Internet2/Educause pilot
One of our buyers just locked in at 3.75%!!!!!! WOOOOHOOOO!!!!!
": ALL I WANT IS MC.DONALDS HASHBROWNS AND A CHOCOLATE SHAKE... IS THAT SO HARD" THAT ACTUALLY SOUNDS REALLY GOOD RIGHT NOW.
i love the show Jessie with
Black Hospitality Initiative Of Greater Miami 1st Annual Recognition Reception on Thursday, June 28th. Visit...
hell yeah bestie!!! lol I'm the best thing that happened to you since #sex LMMFAO! J/P
well you have the magic code, so just let me know!
I'm just a girl, tryin' to find a place in this world. -Taylor Swift
Opps. forgot to @ you D:
Curiosity has me ask: How has Vacants to Values been a failure? Thanks!
r u coaching skins backs?
I pinned this bad boy on Pinterest and have about 20 random repins. Bitches love punch.
RT : Spike from "A Land Before Time" was added to the group of characters as an appeal to the mentally handicapped.
Bored af in the dentist office...text me! :) --workout4me--
How many get eliminated this week? 1 or 2?
Just heard on the radio for the first time. I hope his music doesn't change because of this. Congrats tho
I wonder how Kate Middleton is celebrating National Princess Week...
Best of luck to all students taking finals and to our graduating seniors; we'll miss you!!!
Yes please! Mike and the girls night!
my new name
of course. let me know what's good?
Hum, depends on the situation RT should i wear red or Black hmm?
Good luck on your tryouts!
I thought you left already lol
I'm sorry D: I hope you feel better soon!
#pure RT : Twitter lives for real-time holy s*&^ moments, and nothing delivers that like live sports
You're feeling better I take it! RT : I haz Internet!
Yay! Love it. And you.
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence. -Helen Keller
Leaking pipe in Zimmerman Library's basement left some water damage - no collections were harmed. Sorry for the noise and inconvenience!
Good news of the day for Westsiders - Whole Foods to open on Detroit Rd. in Rocky River in 2014.
As it should be.
oh, we'll maybe I'm drunk & got confused.. See I do have a bad memory
yeah you're older but I'm still gonna be a douche about it hahah
Big thanks to Councilman Rodriguez & staff for a great meeting! The pleasure was all mine. Exciting things.
#Whyhavea phone if u don't pick up or text back.
I think it's time for
At the Abbey having a Brother Aaron. Best brew ever! The name says it all.
Screening sHELL Tonight see you there!
haha its a fun game
I want Mickey dsss
#2DAYS IM SO FREAKING EXCITED :D
Welcome :D
I promise it won't be smack talk :) I only do that with hockey hehe..I have a Freetail beer and some Saint Arnold in the fridge
Oh Thank God! How late are you working?
I don't like that
However did you find me on FB?! Other than the fact that you also appear to be Man Ray, back to haunt us all
Who actually wants this stuff?
Need sum snack meijer here I come...
#AdworkersTrivia! RT : Representing #CK at Trivia Night tonight with Let's do this.
are you familiar with nassim haramein and his theory of the schwarzschild proton? if so, what are your thoughts?
#icloud is dead.
Varmus: Open Access is immediate worldwide access with re-use with attribution.
I wish I knew who I was
POTUS on my block tonight...traffic nightmare. Paul Auster at the Lotos Club; that's where I will be.
Tweet to place your vote!
You can have it all. You just can't have it all at once. ~Oprah Winfrey
Hope this sun is here to stay. It's bringing me a ton of good luck! *fingers crossed*
Things to do in Seattle on a nice day... Wear your lulu shorts down the Burke Gilman & cause an accident
You hurt me in many ways but today u have broken my heart & trust ;( </3 never hurt the heart that loves u :(((
God mode, giraffe mode, speechcraft, nuclear health
Can You Tell Why You Pick This Stock
igualmente Aloha desde Hawaii a mi familia preciosa de Puerto Vallarta y Estes Yachts bonitos!
#thatawkwardmomentwhen the girl thinks she is hot shit.. and she isn't.
hahaha but it is the best way
We never notice the beauty because we're to busy trying to create it.
was selected 4 artist residency doing sound collage production focused on Adam Clayton Powell Jr. & Harlem resident Esther James.
Bensinger: bankruptcy court is a great place to look when covering issues of the economic underclass.
If I could be someone else for a week, I'd spend it chasing after you
Van Persie: "He scores when he wants." Tevez: He plays when he wants." Big difference.
BYNUM 2O SOME YRS OLD WITH ALL THAT GREY ASS HAIR!
Yes, this is so true. Thanks.
Headed to SOFA New York and then into Brooklyn for 's b-day party!
not too creep on your convo...but my mom says she likes Cody cuz of me but I'm not sure! Can't blame her tho!
Thanks dude.
that was a deep tv moment!
Here comes the shareholder litigation - The Deal Pipeline
Just doing our little part to help out! :)
Thats what I was thinking! Now I just have to get one of my asshole friends to go with me.
ok I got you
Our brand new song "Nothing Changes is going up tonight at 8! Go to www.myspace.com/historyrepeatsband to listen! RT!
yay! Welcome to the cult!
I ate to much ate the China Buffet! It was good, but I'm paying for it now. -__-
Lets go pay some bills today.
Peace out #Rochester! See you in a few days! #Minneapolis or bust!!
I was just reminded as to why I moved away from home.
great point. I'm not sure how they do it...
have been trying to figure out the #nea hash tag to no avail
Can I puhlease receive some good news!!!!!!
Eczema Treatment - Stay Close to Stay Healthy
yes, ....yet has man created God because we believe we are unable to live by virtue alone, without a greater power?
If you hate laughing you should see New Year's Eve.
A great weekend of #Auditions in #NewYorkCity comes to a close. #ByeNYC See you again next week!
Haha. I'll give some lessons on the course
It's snowing
Presidential primary has long coincided with non-partisan elections. Prior to now, it was the same day as Feb. local primary.
Trying to upload new pics....sorta taking forever
where's needed to see her!
when I see you I light up and my face get's red
Are you covering training camp today?
Great defense for the bucks in the final minute of the half. Bucks 52 Knicks 47 at the half.
I don't love em... I don't chase em ..I duck em!
watch out! Whiskey jam tonight starts 8ish until 12..winners!
From LA & NYC, it's Joshua Leonard, Mitch Goldman & Mary Pat Bentel of "The Lie"-welcome!
I'm all in and throwing caution to the wind! This Summer will be my greatest ever lived!
Hey, how *are* users using genre terms? How can we make them more approachable? Great topic for a session!
Happy Birthday to my sweet husband!!!
RT : The guy changed his name to STRATAGY! Can't make this stuff up. No one would believe it.
Listening to Adele- Someone like you! <3
Killed a brown (deadly) snake on our driveway last night. Summer is here with spiders, snakes and mozzies. Australia in the summertime...
If this is what you call crushing my career...I feel sorry for you lmao
your tweet helped RT : I love when #AmericanU graduation becomes a trending topic in #DC each year. Congrats to the #2012AUGrad s
I'm freaking out again. I haven't done this since March! Lol
Finna wrap my hair forreal now
'people are fearful of the unknown--education is key.' Break the stigma associated with mental illness + homelessness. HousingMattersSD.org
“Of course I am completely in support of gay marriage. I also have an amazing boyfriend. This doesn't mean I'm getting married. Lol” haha cx
hard to have a bad day when you have a new the man album!
haha ok done :)
haha that'd be funny
that is also a true statement
I'm doing good :)
its ok you'll do fine :)
Become a fan/friend of us on #Facebook if you get a chance - www.facebook.com/TheConcertStage
I calculated. I will be doing 3 hours of homework tonight.
Thanks for the Littlefair interview. Hope its just not a platform for him to dump another block of stock!
of course Joe-Joe! And I won't even make you go pants shopping with me LOL Miss you buddy!
;)) RT : Who says nice ppl finish last? Nice ppl win b4 the race even starts.. Stay classy...Let ur CLASS begin
it was funny, lighten up.
Yes, ABIA has millimeter waves. It's the machines with the arms that rotate around the person.
Do you have a selection of craft brews in cans? We're thinking of a little blind taste test with some friends.
It's Tues! Latin Jazz Cruise 2nite @ 8ET & Evening Jazz @ 10pm on Jazz 88.3 FM & co-hosting.
i'm so glad is feeelin' a lilll better. <3 & that song he just say was just beautiful.
Whoa whoa whoa! Look at you and your fancy hashtags
#lies sometimes it's hard to tell the difference between librarians and exhibitors
Will soon be looking for some passion theater folk to serve on the TC advisory board.
Gimme Some Truth.
Your beard is the finest beard in mythbusting!
#BillyCrystal in 3, 2, 1... I'm thinking his opening skit will mock the #BestPicture nominees.
I have a couple female cousins who would box down. She knows who to mess with. She is all talk and shoulders.
Hey , would either of you let me pick your brain regarding the #UWrightnow campaign for one of my projects?
Loving the wind in my hair and the sun - fall on the
RT : A four hour, nine inning baseball game at Coors?
Thanks I appreciate y'all, im just stating the facts, we men have to start treating our women like Queens and cheating on them.
its adorable:)
I had British tea when I came to the UK last year, it tasted so much better.
yhu r so pathetic,yhu wanted my number, yhu wanted me 2 send a pic....YHUR CRAZY just leave me alone...yhu soo pathetic
Who can i call yo,
. we visited back in November - was so impressed. It was a nice day outside, and still the 1960s exhibit was packed! (1/2)
The new shop downstairs makes coffee ice cubes. They are clutch! But I do get sad when I drink faster than they melt.
We'll be only making 150 Manhattans at the #bmorebookfest this Friday - first come first serve - get there to secure yours.
I just did a search on Google - there are hundreds!
YW - I really do enjoy your tweets!
oh nice that sounds relaxing at least... minus the work part lol
how did u come up with a great song put your heats up??????
I thought nothing could be dumber than the Mermaids, and then they created the Marlins Energy Team
Wake up to Hockey and Now going to Bed after Hockey. #Lovethis #repeat #HawksWin :) NiteAll
RT : 4 words more important this weekend than "Let the Games Begin"-- Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce.
You're good...get better.
Favorite Sesame Street character or muppet? I have a fondness for Big Bird and Snuffleupagus.
Does the "DLS" rating for #SNL stand for "Dumb, Ludicrous, Stupid"? And what's with the music act playing on an iPad?
I'm smart like that. Duh.
Happy ##FF! Any big plans for the weekend?
shocked it walking in with Mayweather.
MBF lovers, we are only four days away from pouring- what beer will you sample first?
can you DM me with a number I can reach you at?
I'm on for a little bit now :D
Was so hoping you'd spelled something wrong in that tweet...
hell yea!!!
"I used to have a drug problem, now I make enough money." -David Lee Roth
That sounds delicious!
Patio party 4pm Whyb and friends spinning on patio grill n tiki bar post brunch party not to early not to late :)
Thank you
I felt very nervous throughout the entire film. Even though I didn't love it, I can't say that about any other movie
It's boring as hell but I don't like going out on Friday the 13th for precautionary reasons
I swear ignorance is a silent killer!
Are media members really asking why he's having this news conference? Are you trying to get less access?
Glad they didn't play off Christopher Plummer- when you wait that long to make the speech you deserve all the time you want!
Clint Eastwood is one bad dude! I'm down with Chrysler.
: dude, follow me!
Your very welcome!
A Schwan's man knocked on my door to give me free ice cream sandwiches. If you live in #portland give him a call 503.435.7212 to order!
Did anyone get Friday the 13th tattoos today? We wanna see em!
We are so glad you are spending your weekend with us!!
We are looking for companies who have had success using #SM & #PR to grow their #smallbusiness for our blog & articles. Free
one can never have too much Sriracha :-D
Check out live birth with midwife in chapter one of My Name Is Mahataa
The fear of losing trumps the excitement of victory for so many people. No one wants to lose and deal w/ rejection.
Thank you to all of our Volunteers, Partners, Staff, Fans, & Saint Paul for helping to make this "The Coolest Celebration on Earth!"
Just keep swimming, just keep swimming, just keep swimming, swimming, swimming. ~Dory. You'll be OK, and so will they!!
get your p.h.d first bro
Happy Monday! New week, new success!
Spontaneous Orange Leaf trip at lunch!
may not be this weekend but in near future
I the donk of all donks!
To put it simply: heck yes. RT : Is it safe to say you're loving it?
no countertops to make anything on
my buddy got a big mouth she wasent suppose to say that lol im abaut to dm u
#FollowFriday Kick-ass bands & great people too! #ThankYou (via )
. Hope you guys liked the show. It will air seven more times on and on Saturday at 2:30pm!!!!
Hey DC Metro, at this point you don't really have to go out of your way to tell me to expect delays.
on rims that ain't stolen!
Honored to be in such good company, Victorio. Thanks!
Well-played. RT Girl behind me in line is wearing a shirt that says "Peeta I loaf you"
hey plz help me get to 2,000 followers so i can follow my new followers plz :-)
i saw Paul Rudd is in it. interesting. i hope it is good. i wonder how much they'll mess with the music.
Naveen Andrews was the first person I thought of. :-)
I've named them Sophie and Malcom (Mal for short) ^_^
God I have so much thinking to do, nothing in life ever comes easy..
#NowPlaying - I'll Call Ya ;D
Book your limo now, spots are filling up fast
just wanted to tell you that , and I are waiting for a follow back ._.
EDC, how I want to be there. Hope everyone, including my friends have a great time! Can't wait till Im able to attend
your mom goes to college
"Oh just come to Canada, you make me so happy." - 's Mom
It's tough. Formally—dialogue, performance—it's still great, but as satire, I'm not sold....
I'm so happy to hear that!
Killer show last night guys!
They need to stop playing Mercy on the radio before it dies .....
RT Don't be a spectator, don't let life pass you by. -Lou Holtz
Stop working!
Darjeeling, India is very mountainous at 6,500 feet, with varying climate. Yields medium-strong teas, with an fruity or nutty aftertaste.
When I told my best friend that I had been likened to Carson McCullers, she said, 'I get it - you're her without the soul-sucking tragedy!'
Let therapy wine lounge of new orleans be ur place to host ur party. Dates are filling up. holla
I just whole spazzed im so down like i use every badword<- haha and some other stuff... Im done with people these days!!
probably has something to do with leadoff hitter having a sub .150 ops
Haha thanks! I'm at school so I'll talk to you later sorry :)
Excited for a few surprises tomorrow :) Shhh, I am not telling....
I'm not for certain, but I think Al Harrington was in Ninja Turtles II.
Shout out to the peeps....from last status I just did....I'm still trippin off the reaction
Soccer Game (:
So do you! MT : Shopping for the #Muse2012 this weekend. Sonya, Whitney, and especially Chris set the bar high.
i need to go shoe shopping
I know! I resisted because I have the first one, but I still want it.
do u know of any studio/loft locations in LA that you recommend
I'm craving zucchini and asparagus ):
tim duncan is going to be 45 putting game in these young boys...
Triumphant return to #Baldoni's in lovely Menominee Falls!!
Cheyenne is now open in both directions.
so can infidelity ..;)
I'm okay, just a little sick wbu?
Thanks so much for coming out today!
its heated because its Thursday lol
#liber2011 Luce: Our job is to wire people's brains together.
RT : #FreeRondo is becoming a thing. Neat, but he deserves a suspension.
it is indeed cold...daisy chains of last week feelin like superman's place but with less crystals
Made that pussy fart by the head tho >>
I need sum help on bmi... Who's can help
thanks for coming in tonight!
just finished eating bro, now I gotta worry bout my Chem final, but today's also
We just saw you on TV. As Jay put it: "He's just double-fisting with cameras!"
Yes indeed, happy pub date!
#goodmorning to my Shaun :) good talk last night! Thanks again for talking whenever I need a close friend:)
It's not a good thing, but it's not a bad thing either...not trippin.
You know that I 'd refuse to chop all my hair off.
Police vans surrounding Liberty Square.
In GA for SCAD softball camp till Wed.
Kids got a bid
Blueberry Breakfast Cake for Attune Foods
what's cloud cover expected to be around 8pm?
Another beautiful day in San Diego! Let us help you get into a home with a pool in time for summer. Call (858) 376-1299 today.
Dippin dots are so good
Watching pirates non 3d
RT even with all the perfect victimhood, his momma gotta practically apologize for having her baby killed so no one thinks she's "angry"
Leading a journalism session at 11 on digging deep using social media. Any tools/tricks you use I might have missed?
Boss said I did a pretty good job yesterday. We had over 120 issues in the log. I closed out more than half. Hadn't realized how many I did.
Crystalizing this enables us to reclaim and reembrace our authentic self
bahahaha I got chu on Tuesday we'll leave him a message saying hii Kevin im your biggest fan
i want too hangout with youu for atleast a dayy. youu seem so cool and chill.
"Cheat" day this weekend? Don't go crazy! Be mindful. Watch your choice/portion. Enjoy your moment but don't wreck your results.
this kind of scares me
Darn groundhog! Brrrrr!
Anyone else notice a serious surge in customer activity? We are going gangbusters! Looks like we are turning the corner!
You got it!
Rogers is talking about the open endedness of Lucille Clifton's poem
If you spot any polling discrepancies tomorrow, please call our office at 410-338-4036. And report it on Twitter using #bmorevotes !
Well, I guess this is what happens when half your starting lineup is back up players. And no, Utley in Howard will not fix this...SORRY
Don't Like Her Hoe Ass .
Happy birthday to yo ,happy birthday to you , happt birthday mother monster happy birthday to you i love you
“: Sometimes just listening to Tame Impala makes me feel high." They're amazing, can't wait for the new album!
The Rangers' game is killing me...(but I love a good rivalry).
TSV 1860 v. Duisburg live on bundesliga.de radio. Nice lunch break.
text me tomorrow if you go though.
It's just about that time...
#HoodFebreezeScents homemade fried chicken.
": That's Collin's second goal of the season and Zusi's sixth assist. Zus leads the league in assists."
Memphis made plays when it counted. Tough loss for Clips, they dug themselves too deep through 3 qtrs.
Kevin Stott's got his head between his cheeks...
One of the companies that Poised Creation has a great deal of respect for is Virgin Records!
A6 Sometimes we bring our recycling back home with us on a road trip.
it's definitely my favorite part of baseball so far. I got a scary amount done during that game.
Cats: Meow meow meow Meow meow meow Meow meow meow. Me: YOU'RE NOT ALLOWED TO DOMINATE THE WORLD YET. STFU.
thats AWESOME did you get it early? <3
Pretty sure everyone is raging right about now.
Oh you gone muscle me now, asparagus ?!
That's terrible I kno sue me
and he still can't beat me....
I'm Bored xD Save Me From My Boredom :P
any chance you would save me the effort and send me the raw NodeXL data dump? :-D I'd love to play with it.
Good thing we stuck around for that scene.
let's where our gym shirts tomorrow for the beat down
: Know what? Lol
An ep of #Portlandia is being filmed across the street from my parents' house. #IsntThereARuleYouHaveToTweetThatStuff?
Not sure if I'm ready to venture out to concerts yet. My sleep is not particularly regular yet with my 6-month old. Some day...
awww but at least your getting paid mad money!!! #jealous. Soo.... No ones here.. Lmao!!
We're dying to know who is getting your votes for this year's #Oscars! Do tell...
Jam jammie dodgers are the best,ew at toffee and chocolate.
Check out our newest Give Away. Now we are talking $$$$
I should have never been introduced to the "draw something" app...
Lunchroom wisdom from a teacher: "Sometimes the best thing to do is keep the burp in your body."
Welcome followers!
haha i sai d ignore that!
Starting today & going all week- is donating 10% of sales to keep your classes tax free. Get or add on to your membership today!
camp still standing in Bruin Plaza. Activists doing great job with media!
followed:D
I'll never let you down.
I hate you so much. I wish you would go the hell away!
right on man! One more hour!
Yea u was thinkn the rite way lol
“One forgets words as one forgets names. One's vocabulary needs constant fertilizing or it will die.” -Evelyn Waugh
The actual producing, mixing, and mastering is hard work, harder than what I do.
Thanks for the follow back :)
Get over it...most of its not meant to be literal it's the culture of the game and has been like this for decades
Happy Valentine's Day! Celebrate the holiday by checking out the group show "Love and Other Cravings" at Touchstone!
Graduation practice in the AM and the real thing on Monday #countdown #cray 🎉🎓🎈
Likewise! I'll be out running around town wednesday if you feel like grabbing a beer.
RT : Going to Hillcrest Farmers Market tomorrow? We'll be @ The Center from 9:00am-3:30pm giving free, confidential HIV tests.
I think should follow me
Thanks for the City of Raleigh Environmental Awards RTs and mentions
was it hard? Lol
.: The failed to complete a 2011 annual report despite being obligated to under its contract with the city.
m Montmartre is really good. I'd also recommend Senart's and Cava. Le Pain Quotiden is also good & Lavagna has unlimited drinks
You keep settling for less. When will you learn?!
Just cuz u grow up in the hood, dnt mean u have to settle for #Hoodlife ..there are 7 continents to visit, go hard in life or stay miserable
I'm in a river
There r so many great opportunities out there! Do you have a profile on #beRecruited? Free to sign up: berecruited.com/register
Hunger Games again with the birthday boy. Happy birthday Dad!
So ready for this week to be over so I can see you sooner.
Whenever someone writes Fatima it reminds me of Fanta and then I need a drink
Corned Beef and Cabbage and Corned Beef Sandwiches and Irish Nachos and Shepherd's Pie, oh my!
mothers are lovely, aren't they?
yo, you never texted me back bro
hahahahaha wait like you mad or what? Wait? Like oh what?
Yum. I ate mine fast!
My white guilt has once again forced me to order wheat bread to avoid looking racist.
Simultaneous #perfectgame in Seattle and #grandslam at fenway. Now back to the #stanleycup. #letsgoRangers!
We are thrilled with all the great presentations at the inaugural #LAUNCHedu event! Hope to see everyone at the LAUNCHedu Part at 7:30!
doesn't like being sick. Sleeps all morning, up all night.
There's always that one song that reminds me of you
My dreams are playing games with me i swear lol,
Watching the dark night
Will do :D
Happy Birthday to Dr. Kimball Johnson, founder of and Midtown West Medical in Atlanta. A brilliant mind, a huge heart. We <3 U
Who am I kidding I will be up all night everyday this week bc its my last full week of high school and I wont be doing shit!!! :D
Ferris Buellers Day Off is still the best movie loll
Some lady told me to surround my self w/positive people 👏👏
One more thing though.. If I were to say that I didn't still love her, I'd be lying.
Try not to say," You Know" today.
What a distressing contrast there is between the radiant intelligence of the child and the feeble mentality of the average adult
Wow rame amat ne tempat,,in a rush to coming back solo
I thought it had to do with a hero's welcome from 12,737
Getting ready for my Orthodontist appointment. Kill me now......
Thanx 4 the praise! What was fast & strong again?
I think I'm seeing things
"And now come I to thee; and these things I speak in the world, that they might have my joy fulfilled in themselves." John 17:13
A man with no imaginations has no wings. - Muhammad Ali
Pictures due by next thursday :)
lol alright. It better be good too
Tired of these antibiotics and being sick :x
Now head on over to Old Town ;)
NYC @ Arlene's Grocery tomorrow! If you know those any NYC peeps let them know! Important show for us <3
"Gtr Aerobics and the Poetry of Technique" my method book must get written! aiming for universal theory =tech. + theory+ ear train.
I have rounded up 6 cords and counting of free firewood from neighbors and trees on side of or blocking roads.
what about that one from Jekyll and Hyde?
no food, what am I gonna do?!
do tell! I've been curious
bout to smoke and chill
he was talking to our favorite volunteer about the Jazz styles of Steely Dan the other day. I wanted to cut myself.
A small part of me wishes I never met you...
NFL's Philadelphia Eagles tap mobile for in-stadium marketing
Chris Brook just said: "how about Dillinger Escape Plan B?" background: we're watching that band and they suck. hard.
RT : Fact: The first spacecraft to visit the planet Venus was Mariner 2 in 1962.
AMANDA SYFREID IS THE LUCKIEST GIRL SHE GOT TO MAKEOUT WITH MEGAN FOX
Going out in SA, TX. What we got..Racks on Racks on Racks!
In the theater with the little bottles
Happy Birthday honey!
Got 12 in a short amount of time!
Some days I wake up and i just wonder how is it that #unemployment is so high and no one is doing anything about it.
LA folks: "My Life with Carlos" at USC SCA today 2 pm (free admission!) - part of the Politics of Memory on Screen series
that is the real Willie Davis! :)
girls with big asses freak me out 2...... lol
you only show up when things are good! What's next for you an appearance at the Kings game? You don't even watch them
I'm afraid we don't have 2009 calendars anymore, sorry!
Who wins by killing Medicare? Not seniors. Not politicians. So why are folks on both sides of the aisle flocking to ?
Works going by so quick,
very cool!
you already have one
no problem! It was good seeing u sweetie!
if you think you’re alone, put on my music cause I’m gonna be there for you.
I found an airtight syllabus, and (kind but firm) consistency on my part made all the difference.
THANKS to EVERYONE who came out. IT WAS WAY FUN of a show!!!
nope. they never mentioned his name.
Red koi......Icon???? Interesting night....
as long as i get to work for , then i'm in.
On a side note #BBN. Has some good looking fans!
Amen to that
Today I bent the truth to be kind, and I have no regret, for I am far surer of what is kind than I am of what is true
Study says: After 12 weeks, women given a diet with whole wheat products lost 7.9 lbs.
I'm the same way most of the time. There's a fine line between too early and on time. I haven't quite found that line yet.
Reminded again that 'speaking to someone's listening' is much more effective than spouting my 'brilliant' advice
Why are all the links in #tweedeck not hyperlinked? Anyone else having this issue?
Danke. Yeah man. That might be fun to bring back.
ALA Conference going well. Good discussions; great to see people; looking forward to FAFLRT programming Sunday.
you picking me up today?
SUPER CUTE! i'll be in ATX this weekend!!!! :)
#inthe90s Digimon was still relevant, and I loved it.
MyCity PROMO TIP: Treat the events you work like any other job--do great work and you're more likely to get hired again!...
I thought I seen u lol
Watched Zayns dancing video once again.. <3
There are a few things I really really hate but one of those things is a LIAR. I hate LIARS.
Pretending I have Amnesia works everytime
my bro attacked me for my phone! Lololol asked my sis where hes going&she asked y what he doing? He takes my phone&tells her he's sleeping
almost forgot
Amazing! Packers > NFL
Yes ma'am! RT : Good mornin' ladies. Will I see you tonight at event?
Blessed beyond measure.
Assorted lozenges. Yum.
wait i really dont wanna leave but actually have to but i really dont want to seriously but my mom wants the cpu so sorry:D
#HighBloodPressure Cell Phones Don 't Raise Brain Cancer Risk in Kids Study : Cell Phones Don 't Raise Brain Cancer Risk in Kids
We some times set our eyes on the finish line, forgetting the past & straining towards the mark of spiritual maturity & fruitfulness~BAMM.
i never use my Twitter.. Gotta Tweet more! Follow me
I often say, just because I don't say doesn't mean I don't know. I should say, the less I say the Less I care.
When you're cleaning you come across stuff and wonder "Why did I hang on to this?!"
26 August 2010 is Women's Equality Day: how will you observe it? www.FemaleEqualityMatters.com
I Wanna see My Brother Benji tho(:
Yes, and a smile on the face of a non-threatening black man in said video :D
RT : could you arrange with to make this ppt available on blackboard for us #mc220? Will do.
paving my brain with this steamroller and catchin z's
FEMALE MODELS: If you can use some FREE PROMOTION for urself as a model to let ppl know about ur work, holla bk.. SERIOUS INQUIRIES ONLY...
Baby im not like the rest!
Man Ziss Lens Rock
I think these niggas out here reading lips, salty we the only niggas eating chips
Come see #TheOysterPrincess tonight with a live score from #BeeVsMoth at 9p
I wanna feel reckless. I wanna live it up, just because. I wanna feel weightless, cause that would be enough. "Weightless" by All Time Low
that picture was legendary
If you think congress can solve our financial problems, you're crazy. They are the problem. NOT the SOLUTION. See my blog on my next tweet.
I had the stop the play or dube would have been behind our backline 1on1. Pulled him down and took my yellow
im 22 turning 23 this oct :-) how old r u?
keep yo fast as right thou
is 's cell on? I sent her a text about going to Midway on the 28th.
Let this be a lesson to people: Never, ever leave a game early.
Shouldn't be a problem with Tweeps that know you. Just never know who will grab a RT and run with it. I've had it happen to me.
The Little Kids On My Bus Are So Sweet . (:
Four day weekend was great! They always go by so fast though. At the day job for now, hope you all have a great week!
using&saving c:
LOL I so would, but my mom would probably swoop out of no where and cut my throat out.
Love that. Google search says that's Stark's Sense of Dissonance, right? Would you recommend?
wonders if fighting with this server is worth it today.. i can't seem to win!
UPDATE 2-Telus withdraws unifed-share plan; profit rises
Minus 400 illegal aliens? Is that what your saying? ;)
So high
Davy Jones died today. Seems the 60s icons are departing
You are my holder, Your hands they mold me...
Share with me the sun
Big Bs,
Its my 3rd day back on Lexapro and I feel worse then before I started
Pisces: You may be feeling stress that arises from your unrealistic desire to avoid ... (via )
Lazy Saturday...
Brandon Marshall to the Bears and Randy Moss to the Niners..... Which move is better?
you shouldn't judge maybe he has back issues
Thank you for the mentions! Enjoy making it an awesome Monday!
Staff is digitally divided - and have their own misconceptions about ye Internet.
Try instead a handful of Almonds, and some veggies/fruits. Quick, easy on the go, and from the earth
Life's a bitch, and I'm its pimp.
OMG i have to get it! :)
waiting on u to DM me <3
No problem!
Congrats on your nomination for Independent Artist of the Year with Southern Star Media Group! So Happy For YOU!!!!
RT : Alabama's new anti-immigrant law threatens public safety and deters kids from enrolling in school. We just filed suit. More soon!
go team!
Hell yes, #Kings! I'm jumping on that bandwagon hard, and I'm really hoping they hoist it this year.
Some people interpreted the election result as a vote of anger. They are making a mistake. It was a mature and conscious choice. --ALEXIS...
Ugh My abs hate me and my decision to try Pilates yesterday
nap would squash him. Lol
Everyone and their mammas loves bud light. 
Long-time employee killed by #BishopFord Freeway wrong way driver. Story by tonight at 9pm
judging off your looks I'm surprised you don't walk in the room and snatch the attention of everyone.
Little girl is so excited about her new haircut; she can't stop touching her hair! It's the simple things.
Pretty happy about Andrew Miller's outing before benching. Mikey teased me about having the dreaded Miller/Blackburn disaster in waiting.
Hahahaha you would. I love you
": The Show must go on at tonight !! Mix live !!
thanks!! Yes I'll def stop by this weekend to celebrate :)
After a Leak interception, the VooDoo capitalize with a long touchdown pass from Rocco to WR Quorey Payne. Preds lead 47-40.
we're so excited for you! The preview was sweet!
thank you. Have a good week. Happy House hunting.
Congratulations, Japan! Very proud of team USA!
Yobrio turns magazines into shopping carts. Take a picture of something in a magazine and instantly be able to buy it.
RT : Thx for inviting us to the 3rd annual babyshower event! & giving us the opportunity 2 share the gift of reading
Kid Cudi literally makes the most chill music, hes such a good rapper<3
I am currently writing a script for Drake. Sometimes, I don't even know how I got here.
What's good, bruh?
yes...that will do
Happy birthday!
WhyTF won't my computer connect to the free public wifi at LAX? What is this little gameboy-looking icon in my connection strength? #?
Those Dancers on The Emerald City Sequence was KILLIN!!!!!!
Working on thesis and my mind is spinning on war metaphors
Follow for the latest happenings in Davis Square
thank you! "What a beautiful store! Probably the best #ecommerce furniture store we've ever seen."
Anyone have advice regarding Vizio TVs? Yay or nay?
Shoutout to for being on the today show and killing it
y am i tweeting about kansas? idk shit about it :-) thnx kansas for this tweet u ppl r awesome <3
To be clear, we do not consider ourselves a "corporate sponsor" of Rush Limbaugh, nor any other show host on either side of the political de
Wow, crazy to think that is twice the resolution of my first computer :).
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!✨
Brain is reeling with ideas and excitement for #DowninthefaceofGod ...epic on so many levels, so much potential...rehearsals begin Tuesday..
Man this shit is not funny
Thanks for the re-tweet!
How did your senior project go?
Any chance of getting these clip links for later?
What animal my character resembles?
I've done my share and probably have one more later this year...it's been great to me but time to go!
Hello this is Karen remember me? You sang about me in When You Walk into My Dreams and 6.4...
The amazing on with right now!! LOVE her music!!
girls will be girls.
AWESOME point ;)
Yeah, its always nice when there's an old guy who smells like piss at the gym.
nerd alert
forgive me sir for sleeping on ya skills! This REACH album goes bro!!
this needs to be emphasized because all our work as humanists is situated, embedded in larger communities, in webs of collaboration
I felt super good about it, even though my head was spinning a little. Glad to have you there. Soon you'll be here. :)
So what's your Pobox now ?
I'm coming to visit you today and you better be there!
This dude in front of me thinks he's so BA cause he can squeal his tires. Stop. You look like an idiot.
here's to staying ahead of the dbacks and/or catching the philies!
okay true...I guess I'll drink water
dude!! Are you playing at Snoqualmie right now?!?!????
So..get ready!
To keep milk from going sour - Keep it in the cow.
Food looks GREAT! We are in the 100s here now too...Have a great run...hopefully it is pretty cool for you :)
Just finished presenting my paper on Luke Cage at NCBS. John and Sundiatta rocked their papers. So much good scholarship on comics!
Shout out to Anna from Florida! 1
bought it ,love it, creating tee designs to it. Thanks for producing a great album. You guys took it up 5000 notches!
Stevie G & T-Pot put the jinx on the Hornets yesterday:(((( Call them at 3 and give them hell
Thats the hardest part of the movie for me to watch
there was a place selling die-cut leather a few years ago. Maybe check eBay?
We will be open Christmas Eve - 9 pm. Open Xmas day for the Thunder game - anyone with a game ticket stub gets the first Domestic on us!
New video in a half hour!
saved on my phone too !! <3
Thanks Lee :) Hope your Sunday has been good.
did you know Jason derulo broke his neck!?
I think Steve Talbott also makes that sort of point in various ways. But what worries me is that we will assimilate to such models.
#myflaws - I let the stupidest shit get to me and I over analyze everything.
follow me please !!!:)
Can't wait to get to Brooklyn. Love the Polar Bear Pete tank... send me an email so we can meet up!
the fast red fox jumped over the boring dog.
So it turns out that I dont want to get away from technology... I just dont want to pay $100+ for my iPhone. #BOOurns!
Just my opinion and nothing less. Just makes absolutely no sense at all to go that far and have a hissy fit and quit.
Our techs are relieved! They'll take 65 over 99 degrees any day while working in black uniform pants!
no doubt RT I think it's safe to say that I'm the reason is now riding for #WhatAYear bit.ly/rRNIFT
“Perfection is not attainable. But if we chase perfection, we can catch excellence.” – Vince Lombardi
tweeting about birds
~~Stage Freight Strategies Part 1~~ 1.Be extremely well prepared. 2.Join a Toastmasters club for extra practice.
That's what I used (extract). Just wasn't strong enough for the sourdough.
Maybe you should consider that I'm trying to help you
Pinkberry WONT do the trick . . skinny bitch (:
very excited because I am now on Twitter. Please follow me and I will follow you too! :-)
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH ! <3 2
yay! We r on the metro
” Cale Yarborough“Advice is what we ask when we already know the answer but wish we didn’t
Hobart, I won't miss you :D
at the dr office getting my last treatment WOOHOO!!!!!
haha thank ya
shut the front door! I love Toni! Where will she be? Is the book out already?
first of all...thank u Lord for waking me up....
boy with Dimples awww {in Front of Me¡ ^.^
I knowww, I miss u. I will be <3 txt me tonight.
i can always pick out your avatar on other social networks too. i'm like "is that adam? yep. green man."
I've heard doodling helps with allergies ;)
depends on what type of trip/honeymoon. I live in FL and can give you suggestions on both.
I was at the white bitch crib you never came #ashly we kno you stunter fake
is front row at Alicia Keys tonight! Whoot!
Do you go to my school? :-)
Join the party !! goin bonkers!
Thank god Language Project isn't due until Wednesday!🙏👼😂
We can chat all we want about Butler to the A-10, but the Dawgs had a football player sign w/ the Bengals today. Does the A-10 have BCS bid?
Oh yeah.
4 sure just did
thanks for the @ and #happymothersday to a great mom!
Oh dear... facebook arguements on something I posted... I'm staying the hell away from this one. I understandboth sides, I guess.
Wondering why the band get's more photo views than plays on social networking sites. Apparently we are more better looking than talented.
cuz I talk bad about him and my mom's relationship lol
hey - customers have to locate their own cars? perhaps has an idea that would help improve service!
People should kiss EVERYDAY! = ) Happy National Kiss Day
#liber2011 KB used statistical experts in creating the valuation model.
I know, right? It's a great feeling.
I've stayed up until 10AM a couple years ago and for when I hosted this guy at OG I'm surprised he wasn't dead-
RT WHO SAW THE ICONIC BOYZ LAST NIGHT?!, I did:)
There are doors to be knocked on, votes to get out, and stories to be told.
They're back! We'll be reopening for lunches on Monday starting on the 7th!
this pens game is just depressing
"The words you'll most regret are the ones that are left unsaid."
I miss you to!
Technology moves banking to the small stores where people already go in poor countries, mob phones take it furtherance plc 2 save
working on some real etsy orders. Yay! thank you everyone!
Glad to know surgery went well!
RT Wouldn't be a Fox telecast without Ryan Demspter's stupid Harry Caray impression.
I look like a giant baby with a hat.
One thing I hate about bowling. Im better then my friends xD
Mike Young showing off News.me tech chops at AWSstartups event!
Does anybody now if there's a radio feed for the USA game? I'm using a school computer and I can't download any plugins or flash.
Happy anniversary my lovey dovey boy💝💘
I have some #hustling to do tomorrow. But I see an evening boat ride in my future.
Hello, we received a message from you and would like to know who should I contact please.
FUMBLE! Beavers jump on the loose ball!
I am working on a contract now where the company pissed off their engineers and the all left (or so I am told). What a mess.
On the phone with and just so knows to stop tweeting me. :)
Does anybody else spend all of their free time watching Aaron Rodgers' highlight videos? #justme?
You are a good man, Corey Smith.
grateful dear extremely grateful
Wow, I must of been tired when I tweeted that...Let me know how you like #Fireworks NOT Firefox. LOL
came across someone that knew ya yesterday.. Awesome. Hello back at ya.
We look forward to yours as well!
Damn, I just pulled a
Thanks for following Poised Creation on Twitter!
Thanks for connecting!
I laugh because I've known sadness. <3
Cant sleep
What is your New Year's resolution? I hope it includes a wellness plan for you that you can maintain, whether it be diet or excercise.
awesome! You're a natural then :) I made this killer pizza the other night and topped it w home-made pesto w hemp seeds. So good.
Good to see what it takes to bring you back to twitter...
Almost time to #putitdown with them iTunes sales #TwoEleven for
My boyfriend just said my boobs are too small to work at hooters :(
very this account
"H3yy, wh R y0uu dO!nq?" "Nothing much...About to throw a dictionary at your damn face."
Attending my first #Cowboys game today. They better win!
I officially met this Korean kid who'd been picked on and I stood up for. I let him know I was there for him, I reminded him he wasn't alone
laurenitis beat the dog shit outta cena, Brock fucked triple h up bad, broke his arm,smh it was some bitch shit
The thing I hate about resumes and cover letters is that you can ask ten different people and you'll get ten different answers.
just said twat is singular for tweeting, somebody follow this guy and help him out!
Same shit different day
Those Chase card close-ups aren't really in the spirit of the show are they?
Happy Halloween!
miss you guys! I'm at 55th and madison now! Come to midtown and save me from mediocrity!
Replace Karl w/ Simon Pegg and #idiotabroad could be a movie.
Likewise! I love your message - very important! Have a wonderful weekend!
was it mario?
He's great. What a fun night. Felix CG to top it off maybe? Hope so.
Unvarnished Company Voices provide reality to emp brands and impact their products and services...
If Austin doesn't clip me soon, I think I will find a way to leave him!
Club Curve downtown Houston every FRIDAY night 21 and up . Sexy ladies & great drinks! 410 Main!! Check it out on
Teacher/Bully: How My Son Was Humiliated and Tormented by his Teacher an...: via
up to 65% off !!! HUGE FURNITURE SALE !!! EVERTHING MUST GO!!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Missing someone hurts, but knowing that they don't miss you hurts even more. RT
That is only because it makes no sense to me one to try and upset anyone is lame expescialy if it's such a lil thing :p hmn
thanks dear! Pleasure to meet you too!
Very good movie
Banks give rich people a card that looks like a golden ticket to willy wonkas factory. Mine is like an expired queens public library card
Yeah, I watched the replay of #TMZ and saw the coverage of #DonnaSummer. It was so inappropriate and not funny at all.
I like the new pic!
Rep. Tim Bishop to speak at 2010 CHEA Annual Conference and Intl. Seminar on January 28. See the Preliminary Program at www.chea.org.
Off to teach my class... should be interesting tonight. At least for me!
is goin to jail tomorrow (and getting paid to go! - TV commercial - hah ! Gotchya!)
Still looking for somewhere to #dine on #MothersDay in #Tampa? Here are some suggestions.
Two auditions today then heading to sea of destiny fundraising party!
#WHITESOX vs #DODGERS.....Sleeper World Series Pick Buster!!!!
I think I've moved from Step 1, denial, to Step 2, acceptance.
Im already sign up for newsletter its really great
you da beast!
The AIPAD photography show at the armory is fab! Not too crowded. Julie Saul gallery has an impressive booth.
Give it to me flaws and all as long as you can accept mines we can make this thing work in time
is my hero....can I be auntie b? ;) loves to you guys! Congrats!
